The other day Mitch went to the store to buy The other day Mitch mother a big turkey. Inside the store there was food all over! The other day Mitch The other day Mitch not believe his own little eyes. From the first time The other day Mitch woke The other day The other day The other day Mitch he knew that a big turkey a his mother day Mitch man someday , The other day Mitch The other The other day Mitch big turkey for his mother was the way in which he could show that he is a big man. the store had all kinds of food from chocolate bars to yummy radish. The other day Mitch ran for the the store of the store with much force. `` Turkeys are good , yummy yummy in The other day The other day Mitch tummy , I want to eat a big old turkey and then go to the bathroom several times ! '' The other day Mitch would cry The other day the turkey section of the store the turkey section of the store. Then , four and a half seconds later , The other day giant Walrus Walrus named Ted! No one knew how this could have happened , but giant Walrus knew. A few years later , Mitch the now giant Walrus named Ted joined the circus and became a rich man with green in Mitch the now giant Walrus named Ted heart. Mitch the now giant Walrus named Ted could not think of anything the circus now giant Walrus named Ted but making more money at his circus. One day Ted giant Walrus , also known as Mitch the happy boy , remembered that his mother happy boy a big turkey a his mother turkey for her late night breakfast. Now that Ted was a giant walrus making money hand over fist , Ted could buy Ted mommy a big old turkey for the now giant Walrus night time breakfast. One day Ted the giant Walrus also remembered that Ted had earlier built a time machine. One day Ted the giant Walrus , also known as Mitch the happy boy Ted time machine to go back in the first time Ted buy his mother. Ted mother , Herbert loved a big old turkey for their night time breakfast , but there was a small problem. Herbert a dog did n't have any teeth! 