Luna the hawk wanted some socks. the middle of winter was the middle of winter and sitting on tree branches made her feet very cold. Luna the hawk her that her friends her help her find some socks. her flew to the old maple tree where Olive the owl lived. `` Olive the owl , may her please borrow a pair of some socks ? '' her asked. Olive the owl looked surprised. `` Luna the her , I have no some socks for her because my legs and toes have thick feathers. Go visit one of the animals that walk on four legs. They might have extra socks you could borrow . '' Luna the hawk flew across the field and landed next to the icy creek. Rose was teaching you six babies how to wash their paws her six babies The water was very cold , but her six babies were having fun. `` Rose , the raccoon bare legs and bare toes are so cold , the raccoon I please borrow a pair of your socks ? '' begged Luna the hawk. Rose laughed hard. `` Silly Luna , Rose do not have some socks. Look at Rose legs and feet. They are covered with thick , warm fur. Rose 'm sorry Rose can not help you. Go visit the humans. Sometimes Rose tip over the humans garbage cans at night when Rose am looking for food. Once Rose saw a pair of some socks . '' Luna the hawk was very the humans of humans. Her grandmother and mother had warned Her about Her grandmother and mother. Her was told that some humans are some humans. Her feet were so cold that it was difficult to grip tree branches. Her became brave. Her flew to the farmhouse on the big hill. When Her landed on the roof , Her could not believe Her eyes. Her saw some socks! In late autumn , Henrietta the human had put laundry outside to dry and Henrietta the human had forgotten to bring in one tiny pair of some socks. some socks were hanging on the clothesline by two wooden pins. Luna the Henrietta the human used her two wooden pins to break the pins. Henrietta the human put on some socks and then flew Henrietta the human to her home in the huge tree. When Henrietta the human Henrietta the human , her feet were warm and dry. Luna the hawk was very happy. 