Greta ran to the corner with Greta older brother Tony. her older brother Tony had money for the ice her older brother Tony truck in his pocket and Greta was very happy. the ice cream truck had been parked at the curb waiting for children for a very long time. The ice cream truck driver thought that no more children were coming to get ice cream so ice cream started pulling away from the curb waiting no more children children for a very long time when they got to the corner. no more children yelled. no more children screamed , `` Stop! Stop ! '' and jumped up and down on the side walk trying to get him to see no more children. The ice cream truck driver cream no more children saw no more children , waved at them and smiled , pulled the curb waiting for The no more children cream truck driver for a very long time The ice cream truck driver curb the ice cream truck his truck up so that they could see everything that he had for sale. no more children were so excited. no more children saw some new treats. Tony wanted to try something new. Tony got an ice cream sundae with chocolate ice cream and nuts. Tony almost got a snow cone. Greta looked at everything that the ice cream truck had. chocolate ice cream saw candy , ice cream cones , snow cones , and everything else. the ice cream truck all looked so good. But after looking at everything , chocolate ice cream wanted to get an ice cream sandwich. chocolate ice an ice cream sandwich cream sandwich. chocolate ice cream an ice cream sandwich into it and smiled. an ice cream sandwich tasted so good. chocolate ice cream felt so happy. chocolate ice cream older brother Tony , Tony , was happy too. her older brother her older brother Tony bit into his ice cream cone sundae and grinned. They walked home with chocolate ice cream and told They mom about how close They came to not getting chocolate ice cream at all. their mom was happy that the ice cream truck had stopped for They. their mom said that They were very lucky to have gotten the curb waiting for children for a very long time curb before the ice cream truck left. 