I used to be afraid of the butterflies! It is true! Once , I mom took I to Seattle. There , we went to a special place. we went to the zoo! I saw lots of animals at the zoo. I saw bears. I saw tigers. I saw apes. I saw monkeys. I saw snakes. I loved seeing all these animals. monkeys made I happy. We even saw one place where there were giant bugs and monkeys did n't even scare I. In fact , I like giant bugs. But there was one place where you walked inside a big room where there were lots of plants and butterflies flying all over one place where there were giant bugs and they did n't even scare me. You could buy sugar water to feed monkeys and monkeys could land on you. I mom and brother were so excited to go in , but I was scared. I was n't sure that I wanted to be in a big room with butterflies flying everywhere. my mom said I would be okay. I brother said I would be okay. They said the butterflies were nice and beautiful. They said They would not hurt I. So I went in a big room. Guess what? I was so scared when one landed on I that I went screaming for the door! The man watching the door to make sure the butterflies did not escape or get hurt yelled at I to stop. The man watching the door to make sure butterflies did not escape or get hurt was mad at I for running out and not caring about the butterflies. I said I was sorry , but I was scared. The man watching the door to make sure butterflies did not escape or get hurt checked I for the butterflies and then let I get out of there! I stayed outside and My mom and My brother the butterflies. Since then , then would tease I about being afraid. then would try and get I to not be afraid. Last year for I birthday , mom bought I a butterfly book. She bought one for My brother , too. I tried really hard to not be afraid and to go out into the yard and find the butterflies My brother brother. It became really fun to do. Once , a butterfly landed on I and I laughed. I liked a butterfly. a butterfly tickled I. a butterfly did not hurt I. Now , I like the butterflies! 