Douglas loves to play soccer. Douglas plays for the Dolphins. Douglas is very good. Douglas was excited about the big game with the Lions. The night before the big game with the Lions , Douglas went to bed late. Douglas was watching three TV shows that The night. First , was Muffins the Cat. The second show was Ernie the Talking Donkey. The third was Laughing with Herman Hamster. Herman Hamster Mom Herman Hamster him to go to bed , but Douglas did n't listen. Herman Hamster fell asleep on the couch. Herman Hamster dreamed all night. First about sheep jumping fences. second about playing fetch the ball with Ruffles. The third about Ernie the Talking Donkey the talking Donkey kicking a soccer ball over the moon. Fourth about Ernie the Talking Donkey favorite soccer player , Pele , head the ball in the goal. Finally , the next morning , Douglas got up late because Douglas was so tired. His Mom called Douglas and the alarm went off , but Douglas did not hear. To get Douglas up , His Mom got Ruffles the dog to lick Douglas in the face. Douglas got up but had to eat breakfast fast. Then Douglas quickly dressed into Douglas uniform. Douglas was yawning. His Mom drove Douglas to the soccer field. the big game with the Lions had started. Douglas had to sit out the first quarter. Douglas team was losing one to nothing when Howard scored for the Lions. Douglas started the second quarter. Douglas was tired and could not keep up with the rest of His team. The coach was surprised that Douglas was so slow. Usually The coach was fast. After the second quarter , the Dolphins were losing two to one after Howard scored again for the the Lions and Toby scored a goal for the Dolphins. While The coach gave energy drinks to His team , Douglas fell asleep. The third quarter started. Douglas was snoring when The coach told The coach to go in. When Douglas saw Douglas was sleeping , Douglas sent Billy into the big game with the Lions. Billy scored one goal and the Dolphins had tied the game two to two. Ruffles Ruffles the dog started barking and then licking Douglas the face face. Douglas got up and stretched. Douglas was finally well rested. The coach saw Douglas and sent The coach into the big game with the Lions. Douglas remembered Douglas dream. In the last second , Douglas headed the ball in the goal like Pele. Douglas won the big game with the Lions. His team cheered. Since that time , Douglas goes to bed on that time. Douglas always wants to be well rested. His Mom was right. Douglas gave His Mom a hug. 