mc160.dev.tsv:mc160.dev.24	Author: 2612134556;Work Time(s): 2652	Every Monday morning, the little bad boy named Josh goes to school.\newline\newlineSuddenly, little Josh slips on a banana skin ...\newline\newline- Ouch, says Josh, I fell on this and in addition I got a bump on the forehead!\newline\newline- Wonderful! said the banana peel. I am Mary. I turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard. You have saved me and now I'm back to good old Mary. What's your name?\newline\newline- Mine is Josh... I'm a late to class ... are you serious, where is the banana peel anyways?\newline\newline- The Banana, my dear Josh, was eaten by me, I threw the banana peel and turned into one ... now you saved me, can you see the banana peel you slipped on around here?\newline\newline- No, you are right.\newline\newline- Mary said:  Josh, Thank you\newline\newline- Excuse me, Mary ... I have to go ... Otherwise I'll be late for school ... And I would not want to upset the teacher.	one: Who slipped on a banana skin?	Josh	John	Mary	Kate	multiple: Why Josh was in such a hurry?	Josh had a soccer game to play.	Josh was going back home.	Josh was heading to the school yard.	Josh was late to class.	one: Who turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard?	Mary	Kate	Josh	Peter	multiple: Who are the principal characters of the story	Mary and Kate	Mary and Josh	Josh and Peter	Kate and Josh
mc160.dev.txt:Suddenly, little Josh slips on a banana skin ...
mc160.dev.txt:- Wonderful! said the banana peel. I am Mary. I turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard. You have saved me and now I'm back to good old Mary. What's your name?
mc160.dev.txt:- Mine is Josh... I'm a late to class ... are you serious, where is the banana peel anyways?
mc160.dev.txt:- The Banana, my dear Josh, was eaten by me, I threw the banana peel and turned into one ... now you saved me, can you see the banana peel you slipped on around here?
mc160.dev.txt:1: one: Who slipped on a banana skin?
mc160.dev.txt:3: one: Who turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard?
mc160.test.tsv:mc160.test.6	Author: 3962218273;Work Time(s): 918	One day, Lucy was taking her dog to the park when she saw a big ice cream truck. \newline\newlineIt did not look like other ice cream trucks she had seen before, so she rushed to look at it. \newline\newlineInside, she saw that this truck had many different flavors of ice cream that the other trucks didn't have.\newline\newlineThis truck had chocolate, strawberry, banana and even mint flavors!\newline\newlineShe wanted to get some ice cream, but when she got to the truck she saw that she had no money.\newline\newlineShe remembered then that she left it at home. All the other children were going up to the truck, but Lucy couldn't because she had no money.\newline\newlineShe rushed home with her dog at her side, and jumped across fences and ran across sidewalks as quickly as she could, trying her hardest to get home. \newline\newlineWhen she got home, she got her money and ran back the way she came to the ice cream truck, but it was gone.\newline\newlineLucy was very sad. She went back home and...\newline\newline...found that her Mom had bought ice cream for everyone!	one: What was different about the ice cream truck Lucy saw at the park?	It was blue	It had more flavors of ice cream	It was big	It had chocolate flavored ice cream	multiple: Why couldn't Lucy buy ice cream?	Her mom wouldn't let her	The ice cream truck was too fast	She didn't have enough money saved	She forgot her money at home	multiple: What made Lucy sad?	All the ice cream was eaten all ready.	The ice cream truck was gone.	The ice cream truck didn't have the flavor Lucy wanted.	The ice cream truck was still there.	one: What did Lucy's mom bring home for everyone?	A new dog	Ice cream	Frozen yogurt	An ice cream truck
mc160.test.tsv:mc160.test.57	Author: 1297199038;Work Time(s): 4643	Penelope kissed her hamster named Cracker. She waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob. Penelope ran out the door. Penelope's neighbor, Mrs. Flower, said she would make banana pancakes for Penelope for breakfast. Penelope could also play with Mrs. Flower's new puppy, Cookie. Penelope saw a bowl with green beans, beets, and carrots from the store on the kitchen table.  Yuck, thought Penelope.  Penelope liked the new puppy.  Cookie had a funny smile. Mrs. Flower gave Penelope a box of toys and told her to take Cookie to the backyard. Penelope was busy looking at the green tomatoes.  She turned around and saw Cookie and Mr. Flower's cat, Thomas. Thomas and Cookie were playing with the toys. Thomas kicked a ball to Cookie and Cookie kicked the ball back. Cookie got a toy fish out the box. Thomas and Cookie played catch with the toy fish.  Penelope was laughing because she never saw a dog and cat play together.  Mrs. Flower came to the backyard.  She asked Penelope if she wanted yogurt, apple sauce or chocolate pudding with her breakfast. Penelope said she wanted yogurt. Penelope went inside and ate her breakfast with Mrs. Flower and Mr. Flower.	one: What is the name of Mrs. Flower's  new puppy?	Cookie	Jacob	Cracker	Thomas	multiple: What did Penelope do before going to Mrs. Flower's house for breakfast?	She saw green beans, beets, and carrots on her kitchen table.	She saw a dog and cat play together.	She had some yogurt for breakfast.	She kissed her hamster Cracker and waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob.	multiple: What did Thomas and Cookie do in the backyard?	Thomas and Cookie kicked a ball and played catch with a toy fish.	Thomas and Cookie ate chocolate pudding and apple sauce.	Thomas and Cookie dug up carrots in the garden.	Thomas and Cookie ate green tomatoes from Mrs. Flower's garden.	multiple: What did Penelope have with her banana pancakes at breakfast?	carrots	apple sauce	yogurt	chocolate pudding
mc160.test.txt:This truck had chocolate, strawberry, banana and even mint flavors!
mc160.test.txt:Penelope kissed her hamster named Cracker. She waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob. Penelope ran out the door. Penelope's neighbor, Mrs. Flower, said she would make banana pancakes for Penelope for breakfast. Penelope could also play with Mrs. Flower's new puppy, Cookie. Penelope saw a bowl with green beans, beets, and carrots from the store on the kitchen table.  Yuck, thought Penelope.  Penelope liked the new puppy.  Cookie had a funny smile. Mrs. Flower gave Penelope a box of toys and told her to take Cookie to the backyard. Penelope was busy looking at the green tomatoes.  She turned around and saw Cookie and Mr. Flower's cat, Thomas. Thomas and Cookie were playing with the toys. Thomas kicked a ball to Cookie and Cookie kicked the ball back. Cookie got a toy fish out the box. Thomas and Cookie played catch with the toy fish.  Penelope was laughing because she never saw a dog and cat play together.  Mrs. Flower came to the backyard.  She asked Penelope if she wanted yogurt, apple sauce or chocolate pudding with her breakfast. Penelope said she wanted yogurt. Penelope went inside and ate her breakfast with Mrs. Flower and Mr. Flower.
mc160.test.txt:4: multiple: What did Penelope have with her banana pancakes at breakfast?
mc160.train.tsv:mc160.train.67	Author: 1918645709;Work Time(s): 1464	Timothy likes to play sports. He spends his time after school playing basketball and\newlinebaseball. Sometimes Timothy pretends he is a famous baseball pitcher for his favorite team\newlinewith his friends. He plays with his friends Mandy and Andrew. Timothy also plays pretend\newlinewhen he is alone. He has an imaginary friend named Sean. Sean is an elephant who watches\newlinetelevision with Timothy.\newline\newlineMandy likes playing baseball but she also likes to paint. Mandy's favorite class at school\newlineis art. She likes making pictures of flowers. Her teacher says she is a good artist. She\newlinepainted a picture of a tree for her teacher. There were red and yellow leaves on it. It\newlinehad apples on it.\newline\newlineWhen Andrew goes home after baseball, he likes to eat a snack. He eats carrots and\newlinebananas. If he is a good boy his mom, Mrs. Smith, sometimes gives him milk and\newlinecookies. Afterwards, Andrew finishes his homework.	one: What does Mandy like to paint?	flowers	elephants	bugs	trees	multiple: What does Timothy do with Mandy and Andrew?	watches television	plays baseball	goes home	paints	one: Who is Sean?	Mandy's friend	Andrew's mom	Timothy's imaginary friend	Mandy's teacher	multiple: What does Andrew eat after baseball?	apples	his homework	carrots	cake
mc160.train.txt:bananas. If he is a good boy his mom, Mrs. Smith, sometimes gives him milk and
mc500.dev.tsv:mc500.dev.25	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1684;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: banana,tub,facing,change,farm,cop,purple,helper,bottle,bench,tail,clock,kind,baseball,shoe	Sammy loved playing baseball. He would play every day, even if there was no practice that day! One day, Sammy went to the park with his mom to play catch with his friends, but as he was playing, he tripped over a rock, and his shoe slipped off! His shoe went flying into the air, high up into the sky, and Sammy watched as the shoe fell into old man Mr. Grumpy's yard. \newlineWhat was he going to do? His mom sat on a bench not too far away, reading a book. "Should I tell Mom?" Sammy thought to himself. He thought that maybe he shouldn't, because he might get in trouble. Instead, he was going to climb the fence into Mr. Grumpy's yard!\newline"What, are you crazy?" Sammy's friend Billy said when he told him what he was going to do. Billy didn't seem to like the idea. "Mr. Grumpy is a mean old man, and he'll yell at you for sure. I think you need to tell your mom!" With that, Billy ran off to tell Sammy's mom!\newlineSammy ran after Billy, trying to get him to stop, but Billy told the whole story before Sammy could get there. After Sammy's mom heard the story, she took Sammy by the hand and said, "Come on, Sammy, let's go get your shoe!" Sammy was worried. What was she going to do?\newlineSammy's mom took him straight to mean old Mr. Grumpy's door, and knocked on it. "Oh no!" thought Sammy, "He's going to yell at me!" But the man who opened the door was a nice old man, and he smiled at little Sammy, and let them get his shoe. That's when Sammy learned that it's always better to be honest.	multiple: What was the name of the man next door?	Mr. Jumpy.	Mr. Lumpy.	Mr. Grumpy.	Mr. Wheezy.	multiple: When Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and...	Was going to climb the fence.	Never got his shoe back.	Ran away.	Bought another shoe.	multiple: Billy said Sammy was crazy and...	got the shoe for Sammy.	said that he needed to tell his mom.	stopped being friends with Sammy.	climbed the fence.	one: What flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard?	A Fence	A Bench	Shoe	A Book
mc500.dev.tsv:mc500.dev.32	Author: 1785729709;Work Time(s): 2314;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: pumpkin,apple,bearing,green,mine,pancake,real,fruit,plane,cow,banana,star,put,racer,smile	"I don't think I can win the race" Tim told his parents over breakfast. His mother asked "Why not?" but his father was silent. Tim knew his father didn't believe he could be a racer: only last year, he had sent Tim to a doctor to ask why his son wasn't a better runner. The doctor told him Tim could be anything he wanted to be, and maybe he didn't like to run. \newline\newlineTim, who had always preferred a good book to P.E. class, wanted to show his family that he really could be what they wanted him to be, so he spent his allowance on a pair of green running shoes and signed up for his school's Spring Fun Run. \newline\newlineTim answered, "I'm going to try to win, but Angela is so quick! No one ever beats her at recess." \newline\newline"Well, we'll be there for you, either way" his mother said.\newline\newlineTim took an apple and walked to the bus. Since the race was after school today (school was letting out at 3:00 today, instead of 3:15), he knew he would be too nervous to think about anything else until it began. He didn't even bring his new book with him, an action book starring an orphan named Simon that Tim sometimes pretended to be.\newline\newline3:30 arrived and the race was about to begin. All the other students had brought running shorts, but Tim was going to have to run in his school pants. Suddenly, he saw that his shoes were untied. As he bent down to tie them, one of the older boys kicked the back of his knee, making him fall down right as the race began. By the time he got up and tied his shoes, he saw he would finish in last place, as the other kids were much farther ahead of him. \newline\newlineIt was almost 4:00 before Tim saw the end of the run. By the time Tim reached the finish line, the group of parents waiting on their kids was very small, as some kids had been finished for a long time. Tim's father asked, "What took you so long? I'm surprised to see you here at all! Why did you sign up for this when we all knew you wouldn't win?" \newline\newlineTim thought about why he signed up. It wasn't about winning the race, or making his father proud. It was about finishing, and showing himself that the doctor was right: he could be anything he wanted to be, like his favorite character, Simon.	multiple: Why does Tim start out so far behind?	He trips over his shoelace.	He is knocked down.	He gets sick.	He can't run.	one: What time does the race start?	3:15	Tim doesn't know	4:00	3:30	multiple: Why does Tim run the race?	To make Angela like him.	To win a prize.	Because his father wants him to.	To show that he could be anything he wanted to be.	one: What does Tim bring to school?	An apple	Nothing	A book	Shorts
mc500.dev.txt:Creativity Words: banana,tub,facing,change,farm,cop,purple,helper,bottle,bench,tail,clock,kind,baseball,shoe
mc500.dev.txt:Creativity Words: pumpkin,apple,bearing,green,mine,pancake,real,fruit,plane,cow,banana,star,put,racer,smile
mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.10	Author: 2464657823;Work Time(s): 595;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: long,dad,breakfast,banana,scare,drink,shut,toss,book,bin,white,costume,noise,play,doctor	One day Kyle's Dad had to go for a long ride. He went on this ride because he wanted to get breakfast. With breakfast the dad always loved to get a banana in a drink. This was his favorite drink. But along the ride, Kyle's dad had a scare. The back door was open but someone else shut it and tossed his book. Later he found his book in a white bin. Along with the book, there was a white costume. He thought that maybe this was a sign. So he took the white costume and found out it was a doctor costume. He remembered that his son Kyle's favorite thing to do was play doctor. This made him remember that he never even asked his son Kyle if he wanted to come for the ride. So the dad turned around and drove all the way home to get his son. He asked Kyle if he wanted to come out to breakfast. Kyle got very excited and said he did. Kyle's dad was happy he came back because it helped him make his son happy.	multiple: What was the dad's favorite drink?	a banana drink	a white bin	a white costume	a doctor	multiple: Why did Kyle's dad drive home?	he found a white doctor costume	he wanted to give Kyle a banana	he wanted to play doctor	He was tired of the long ride	one: What did Kyle's dad want to get on the ride?	a white costume	a white bin	Kyle	breakfast	one: What did someone else shut?	a white bin	the back door	Kyle's house	a banana
mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.12	Author: 3805532826;Work Time(s): 447;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: fish,stone,bowl,elbow,kid,party,banana,why,granddaddy,sun,harder,cutie,playground,mommy,spoon	Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl.  The fish wanted to give a kid a party.  But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid.  The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon.  The fish was a cutie.  The fish had an idea.  The fish had a stone in the bowl.  The fish could give the kid the stone!  The fish took the stone from the bowl.  The fish put the stone in a bag.  The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift.  The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie.  The kid gave the fish a banana.  The fish ate the banana and was very happy.  The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.	multiple: Why couldn't the fish give the kid a party?	the fish lived in a bowl	the fish was sick	the fish had no present	the kid didn't like the fish	one: What did the fish give the kid	a stone	a banana	a pill	a mommy	multiple: What did the fish eat and where did he get it?	the fish ate a piece of bread	the fish at a banana from the granddaddy	the fish ate a stone from the mommy	the fish ate a banana from the kid	one: What did the kid say the fish was	a stone	a banana	a mommy	a cutie
mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.129	Author: 3703572249;Work Time(s): 615;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: zoo,ham,summer,bible,tongue,sounding,bubble,turning,people,television,spank,straw,helper,towel,treat	Steve the penguin lived at the zoo. Steve loved to lie on his towel outside during the summer. In the winter Steve would get too cold and would stay in his house. Steve loved the zookeeper's helper Bob. The zookeeper's name was Joe, but he never came in to see Steve. Bob would feed Steve treats all summer long when he was working. In the spring, Tim was the zookeeper's helper and would never feed Steve treats, so Steve didn't like him. Steve loved that Bob would give him was fish more than anything. Steve also liked bananas, oranges and apples, but fish was his favorite. Steve would stick his tongue out at the visitors to the zoo, other times he turn around and show them his back because they were always looking at Steve and he didn't like that. Sometimes he would wave his arm to some visitors if they seemed to be nice. Steve loved the summer; it was his favorite time of the year. He got treats and his favorite helper Bob worked during the summer.	multiple: What was Steve's favorite food?	bananas	Fish	oranges	apples	multiple: Who was Steve's favorite helper?	Bob	Joe	Apple	Tim	one: What was the penguin's name?	Steve	Bob	Joe	Tim	multiple: What was the penguin's favorite time of the year?	summer	spring	winter	treat
mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.131	Author: 1904494757;Work Time(s): 1893;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: smile,out,close,vanilla,twirl,liking,rock,closing,banana,blow,truck,but,mail,oink,forward	Jake liked his old sneakers but they were getting too small.  He tried on sixteen different pairs of shoes at the mall with his mom.  He was looking for green shoes with blue laces.  He couldn't find any he liked and left sad.  His mom wanted to cheer him up.  They stopped for lunch at a restaurant drive-thru.  "What do you want to order?" asked Jake's Mom as she got a cheeseburger and a large drink.  He ordered a hamburger.  While they ate, Jake and his mom talked about different shoes Jake might try on next.  He didn't want to go back to the store, but he really wanted green shoes.  He ate some of her fries as he thought about it.  Suddenly, his mom had a great idea.  They would paint a pair of new shoes green!  Jake loved that idea.  So they went to the Art Store and bought green paint.  They went back to the mall and bought new blue shoelaces and white sneakers.  Jake was so excited about his shoes that he painted them as soon as he got home.  Afterwards, he walked around the house in his new shoes dripping green paint.	one: What color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy?	Green	Blue	White	Yellow	multiple: Why were Jake's shoes dripping?	They were old.	They were wet.	He painted them as soon as he got home.	He bought them that way.	multiple: What did Jake eat for lunch?	A hot dog and some fries.	A cheeseburger and a drink.	Nachos and a drink.	A hamburger and some fries.	one: What color shoes did Jake want?	Green	Yellow	Red	Blue
mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.147	Author: 2023579431;Work Time(s): 131;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: toast,wing,sand,cutting,father,dresser,help,ball,costume,juice,saying,ceiling,toe,sitting,wait	All of Larry's friends have a favorite animal. Jim's favorite animal is the bear. Tracy's favorite animal is the monkey. Ryan's favorite animal is the rabbit. But Larry's favorite animal is the panda. The only problem is that Larry has never seen a panda. In fact, none of Larry's friends have seen one. One time, Larry and his friends went to the zoo. There were many animals at the zoo, and everyone was very excited to them. There were monkeys, bears, and even rabbits. When they went to see the monkeys, Tracy even handed one of the monkeys a banana and the monkey ate it. But there was no panda. Everyone started to think there was no such thing as a panda.\newline\newlineIf Larry was going to see a panda, he would have find one himself. He packed up his backpack with sandwiches, a chocolate bar, and some water and he went out into the forest. He knew that a panda's favorite food was leaves, so made sure to pack some leaves in his backpack too. He spent two week in the forest looking everywhere for a panda. Finally, when has about to give up, he saw a family of pandas eating and playing. He gave them all the leaves in his backpack. He sat watching them for the rest of the day. He watched pandas bathe and climb trees. Then he went home and went to sleep.	one: What is Larry's favorite animal?	Monkey	Bear	Panda	Rabbit	one: What is a panda's favorite food?	Chocolate bars.	Leaves.	Bananas.	Sandwiches.	multiple: Which of the following did Larry not see the pandas do?	Sleep.	Eat.	Climb trees.	Play.	multiple: Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo?	Ryan's	Larry's	Tracy's	Jim's
mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: long,dad,breakfast,banana,scare,drink,shut,toss,book,bin,white,costume,noise,play,doctor
mc500.test.txt:One day Kyle's Dad had to go for a long ride. He went on this ride because he wanted to get breakfast. With breakfast the dad always loved to get a banana in a drink. This was his favorite drink. But along the ride, Kyle's dad had a scare. The back door was open but someone else shut it and tossed his book. Later he found his book in a white bin. Along with the book, there was a white costume. He thought that maybe this was a sign. So he took the white costume and found out it was a doctor costume. He remembered that his son Kyle's favorite thing to do was play doctor. This made him remember that he never even asked his son Kyle if he wanted to come for the ride. So the dad turned around and drove all the way home to get his son. He asked Kyle if he wanted to come out to breakfast. Kyle got very excited and said he did. Kyle's dad was happy he came back because it helped him make his son happy.
mc500.test.txt: A) a banana drink
mc500.test.txt: B) he wanted to give Kyle a banana
mc500.test.txt: D) a banana
mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: fish,stone,bowl,elbow,kid,party,banana,why,granddaddy,sun,harder,cutie,playground,mommy,spoon
mc500.test.txt:Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl.  The fish wanted to give a kid a party.  But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid.  The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon.  The fish was a cutie.  The fish had an idea.  The fish had a stone in the bowl.  The fish could give the kid the stone!  The fish took the stone from the bowl.  The fish put the stone in a bag.  The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift.  The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie.  The kid gave the fish a banana.  The fish ate the banana and was very happy.  The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.
mc500.test.txt: B) a banana
mc500.test.txt: B) the fish at a banana from the granddaddy
mc500.test.txt: D) the fish ate a banana from the kid
mc500.test.txt: B) a banana
mc500.test.txt:Steve the penguin lived at the zoo. Steve loved to lie on his towel outside during the summer. In the winter Steve would get too cold and would stay in his house. Steve loved the zookeeper's helper Bob. The zookeeper's name was Joe, but he never came in to see Steve. Bob would feed Steve treats all summer long when he was working. In the spring, Tim was the zookeeper's helper and would never feed Steve treats, so Steve didn't like him. Steve loved that Bob would give him was fish more than anything. Steve also liked bananas, oranges and apples, but fish was his favorite. Steve would stick his tongue out at the visitors to the zoo, other times he turn around and show them his back because they were always looking at Steve and he didn't like that. Sometimes he would wave his arm to some visitors if they seemed to be nice. Steve loved the summer; it was his favorite time of the year. He got treats and his favorite helper Bob worked during the summer.
mc500.test.txt: A) bananas
mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: smile,out,close,vanilla,twirl,liking,rock,closing,banana,blow,truck,but,mail,oink,forward
mc500.test.txt:All of Larry's friends have a favorite animal. Jim's favorite animal is the bear. Tracy's favorite animal is the monkey. Ryan's favorite animal is the rabbit. But Larry's favorite animal is the panda. The only problem is that Larry has never seen a panda. In fact, none of Larry's friends have seen one. One time, Larry and his friends went to the zoo. There were many animals at the zoo, and everyone was very excited to them. There were monkeys, bears, and even rabbits. When they went to see the monkeys, Tracy even handed one of the monkeys a banana and the monkey ate it. But there was no panda. Everyone started to think there was no such thing as a panda.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.5	Author: 4279219396;Work Time(s): 2530;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: barn,name,trip,arm,tree,storm,white,word,clown,tape,goldfish,draw,winding,banana,street	Sammy, Kate and Ben were planning a birthday party for their friend Stew. This party was going to be a surprise. They were going to have the party in Stew's house. Sammy's job was making the house look nice. Kate's job was to get a clown to come to the party. Ben's job was to make enough food for all of the guests. Also, each of the three friends got Stew a gift.  Sammy got Stew a few goldfish in a bowl. Kate got Stew a really cool little tree in a pot.  Ben got Stew a new shirt with people from Stew's favorite television show on it. His favorite television show is Crazy Town, by the way. On the day of the party, Sammy was taping signs on the walls, Kate was on the phone with the clown and Ben was cooking in the kitchen. There was a storm outside, so they were worried that all their friends might not show up. There was thunder and lightning, wind and rain. They even lost power for a little bit! But everything turned out okay in the end. All their friends showed up and Stew was very surprised. He loved all of his gifts and he thought the clown was funny. Everyone loved the food Ben made, too.	multiple: What was Ben's job before the party?	Stopping the storm	Getting a clown	Cooking food for the guests	Calling all the guests	multiple: What did the storm do?	Made their friends not show up	Made Stew not surprised about the party	Made them lose power for a little bit	Made Ben cook bad food	one: What did Kate get Stew for his birthday?	A little tree	A few goldfish	A new shirt	A clown	multiple: What was Stew's favorite television show?	Sammy, Kate and Ben	Thunder and Lightning	Crazy Town	Ben and the Clown
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.22	Author: 1789392668;Work Time(s): 993;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: not,trashcan,up,frog,moon,noodle,knob,smoke,unicorn,ceiling,lamb,banana,line,run,beard	Once upon a time, there was a cowgirl named Clementine. Orange was her favorite color. Her favorite food was the strawberry. She really liked her Blackberry phone, which allowed her to call her friends and family when out on the range. One day Clementine thought she needed a new pair of boots, so she went to the mall. Before Clementine went inside the mall, she smoked a cigarette. Then she got a new pair of boots. She couldn't choose between brown and red. Finally she chose red, which the seller really liked. Once she got home, she found that her red boots didn't match her blue cowgirl clothes, so she knew she needed to return them. She traded them for a brown pair. While she was there, she also bought a pretzel from Auntie Anne's.	multiple: What color boots did Clementine buy, and what pair did she end up with?	Orange, Blue	Red, Brown	Blue, Orange	Blue, Red	one: What was the cowgirl's name?	Clementine	Blackberry	Strawberry	Orange	one: What did the cowgirl do before buying new boots?	She ate an orange	She ate a strawberry	She called her friend	She smoked a cigarette	multiple: What did Clementine buy at the mall?	boots and a Blackberry	boots	boots and a strawberry	boots and a pretzel
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.46	Author: 861606205;Work Time(s): 557;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: day,lemon,angel,food,yogurt,towel,sister,library,bowing,naughty,hurry,banana,shut,gum,kitten	Emily and her mother enjoy doing things together often.  Many days they like to go to the park or to the swimming pool but today they chose to go to the grocery store.\newline\newlineThey went into the store and straight to look at the fruit. Emily looked at the lemons, the bananas, the apples and the pears.  In the end, Emily chose the apples and put them in a bag.  She handed the bag to her mother to put into their shopping cart.\newline\newlineThe pair went to the dairy section next and looked at the kinds of yogurt they store had.  There was blueberry, peach, strawberry and vanilla. Emily asked her mother what kind of yogurt they would be getting and her mother said they wanted the blueberry yogurt.\newline\newlineWhen they got to the checkout, Emily helped her mother when they needed to pay.  Emily gave the cashier two dimes and four pennies. \newline\newlineThey gathered up their bags, packed them into their car and drove home.	multiple: What fruit did Emily choose	pears	lemons	apples	bananas	multiple: What kind of yogurt did Emily choose?	strawberry	vanilla	peach	blueberry	one: Where did Emily and her mother chose to go?	the swimming pool	the park	to school	the grocery store	one: How many pennies did Emily give the cashier?	one	four	none	two
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.49	Author: 978662544;Work Time(s): 3374;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: teacher,making,wave,bear,mail,moon,digging,spider,wear,face,bedroom,talk,pear,wag,out	Paul the pear lived in a bowl on the table. He was a plastic fruit, and no one could eat him. He sat in the bowl with Artie the apple and Gertie the grapes. He watched every day as the group of bananas that hung out in another basket got eaten one by one. He wished he could be taken along to work in a bag and brought along to eat. But day after day, he sat in the bowl with only his plastic friends. One day, a little boy walked over towards him and picked Paul up. Paul was very excited. The boy looked at the pear with hungry eyes. He put him up to his mouth and took a big bite. "Ewwww!!!" said the little boy, and he spit out the fake fruit all over the floor. He put Paul back in the bowl and ran away. Paul smiled to himself about his adventure.	multiple: What type of fruits are in the basket?	Cherries and Pears.	Grapes and watermelon.	Bananas and grapefruits.	Pear, Grape and apple.	multiple: What are the pear's friends' names?	Artie & Gertie	Grape	Little boy	Apple	one: What is the pear's name?	Apple	Gertie	Paul	Artie	one: What does the little boy do to the pear?	Throw him on the floor	Cut him open	Put him on the table.	Take a bite of him
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.60	Author: 176980376;Work Time(s): 13065;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: feed,doctor,bib,drier,rattle,red,toilet,frog,moon,banana,bull,wrong,singing,beard,yesterday	There was a young woman who had a baby. She was very young. She had to learn how to feed the baby right. The doctor helped her with this. The doctor helped her with many things. Yesterday, the doctor had helped her try and teach the child to use the toilet. Today, she puts a bib on the baby to try to feed her. She tries to feed it with a frog shaped spoon. She tries to feed her a banana. She tries a rhyme, to get the child to have fun. The rhyme is about the cat that jumped over the moon. The doctor watches with a smile on his face. The doctor has a beard. The baby likes to play with the doctor's beard. The baby also likes to play with her rattle. Her rattle is shaped like a bull. It is a loud rattle. The baby still makes a mess, but she is drier than yesterday. The doctor says it is a good job.	multiple: What does the woman try to feed the baby?	A frog-shaped spoon.	A banana.	A rhyme.	Cookies.	one: What did the doctor help the woman do yesterday?	Sing to the baby.	Feed the baby.	Teach the baby to use the toilet.	Wash the baby.	one: What is the rhyme about?	The doctor.	The baby.	The cat that jumped over the moon.	The young mother.	multiple: What does the doctor have that the baby likes to play with?	A rattle.	Food.	The toilet.	A beard.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.62	Author: 1542108972;Work Time(s): 3107;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: lap,shoe,place,spank,mirror,refrigerator,shower,drawing,bye,naughty,shower,last,pan,bat,toilet	Once upon a time there was a cowgirl named Callie. Callie was the most beautiful cowgirl in all the land. She rode a beautiful horse. Her horse was brown. There are plenty of other horses. There are black horses, white horses, and red horses, but Callie's brown horse was the only horse in the world. Callie lived in a beautiful house with her husband. Her husband's name was Henry. Henry was a very good farmer. He grew tomatoes. His neighbor grew corn, potatoes, and bananas. His neighbor's name was David. David had a son named James who played in Henry's field. One day James fell and Henry almost ran him over with his horse. It was very scary. James was very careful when playing in the field. His dad told him never to play in the field again and he listened. Henry was very sorry for scaring him and sent him a basket of tomatoes.	one: What did Henry grow?	Potatoes	Tomatoes	Bananas	Corn	multiple: What color was Callie's Horse?	Brown	Black	White	Red	one: What was Henry's neighbors name?	James	Callie	David	Henry	multiple: What was Callie's husbands name?	David	Callie	Henry	James
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.64	Author: 580891640;Work Time(s): 999;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: roaring,eat,strawberry,driver,people,lap,thank,ocean,cut,pretty,shape,hair,stripe,butterfly,nana	Andy the lion lived in Africa.  He was a happy lion, and he liked to lay in the sun all day.  One day when Andy got hungry, he thought about strawberries.  He had never had a strawberry before.  "Oh," he thought, "strawberries must be very tasty."  He thought about how red they were, and how sweet they must taste.  "I have to have a strawberry," said Andy.\newline\newlineSo Andy went to talk to his friends, to find out if they had any strawberries.  He walked to a big field where he saw his friend Billy the Bison.  Andy asked Billy if he had any strawberries.  "No, I don't," said Billy, "All I have is a banana."  Andy was sad, because he really wanted a strawberry, but he wouldn't stop there.\newline\newlineAndy walked to the river to find his friend Charlie, the duck.  It was a long way to walk, but Andy really wanted a strawberry.  When he finally got there, he asked, "Do you have any strawberries?"  "No," said Charlie, "I only have is an apple."  This made Andy really sad, but he wouldn't stop there.\newline\newlineAndy knew that he only knew one other friend who might have a strawberry, and that was David the Elephant.  So he walked and walked and walked until he was finally at his friend David's house.  Andy was tired, but wouldn't give up.  Andy asked, "Do you have any strawberries?"  David said, "Yes!  Help yourself."  Andy was excited, and finally tasted his first strawberry.  Andy thought it was tasty.	multiple: How many friends did he ask for strawberries?	1	2	4	3	multiple: Who finally had a strawberry for Andy?	David	Billy	Charlie	Eric	one: What fruit did any really want to eat?	Strawberry	Apple	Watermelon	Banana	one: What did Andy think of the strawberry?	It was fruity.	It was tasty.	It was sweet.	It was gross.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.101	Author: 1566081045;Work Time(s): 1258;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: mitten,red,must,costume,racer,dig,cookie,hide,want,quieter,bell,roaring,lip,cutie,fear	Once there was a guy who lived in a giant red mitten. He was always mad because the old woman in the shoe down the road got all the attention for living in a giant piece of clothing. One day he made a plan to play a joke. \newline\newlineHe took a cookie and with it in his hand went to dig a hole under the old lady's shoe. When he finished digging he hid the cookie in the hole and then went to the zoo. He stole a bunch of monkeys which he took back to the lady's shoe house. The TV news team was talking to her on camera that day outside her house about how great she was for living in a shoe and how smart and cool she was. \newline\newlineThe guy stood there listening with his bag of hungry monkeys. At the very second the news team took a close up of the shoe with their big camera the guy opened the bag and freed the monkeys. He had told them earlier that hidden somewhere in the house was a cookie. He laughed very loud as he imagined them tearing up her house on live TV. But instead of doing that, they stood around looking bored because monkeys like bananas not cookies.	one: Where did the guy live?	In the zoo.	In a shoe.	In a hole in the ground.	In a mitten.	multiple: Why was the guy mad?	He didn't like living in a mitten.	He didn't get to go to the zoo.	He lived in a mitten. No one paid attention to him. Everyone liked the old woman in the shoe better.	He didn't have any cookies.	multiple: What was his plan for a joke?	He dug a hole under the old lady's house. He put a cookie in a hole. He stole some monkeys and told them about the cookie and set them free outside the woman's shoe.	He hid a banana somewhere in the house.	He fed some monkeys cookies and let them go outside the lady's house hoping they would poop everywhere	He dug a hole under the shoe so that it would fall over.	multiple: Why did the joke not work?	He didn't learn about monkeys first. The monkeys wanted bananas not cookies.	The monkeys didn't want to be on TV.	He fell in a hole after slipping on a banana peel.	He went to the zoo and forgot to finish his plan.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.139	Author: 1114075945;Work Time(s): 4078;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: ball,help,mouth,ketchup,barn,shape,pretty,yellow,cross,dry,scissor,hand,farmer,smell,banana	Jake and Carol live next door to a banana farm. One day as they were taking a walk, Jake asked Carol if she could smell the sweet bananas. Carol said yes and that she would love it if the farmer would give them some. Jake's mouth watered at the thought of eating the golden yellow bananas. They then began walking to the farmer's barn to ask him if they could have some. When they arrived they saw a sign that said the farmer would be out until tomorrow night. He was also a singer and would be performing at a school two towns over in Orangeville. Instead of waiting for the farmer to return so that they could ask for some bananas, Jake and Carol began walking around the farm to pick their own. \newline\newlineAs he was walking, Jake tripped on a rock. As he tried to stand back up he felt a sharp pain in his leg. He could walk, but it was very painful. Carol let Jake lean on her as they walked home. They knew it was a bad idea to go on the farmer's land without his permission and would never do it again.	one: What was the farmer out doing?	Walking to the store.	Eating bananas at a park.	Picking bananas.	Singing at a school.	one: Where do Carol and Jake live?	Near train tracks.	In Orangeville.	Next to a school.	Next to a banana farm.	multiple: Why did Jake lean on Carol?	It was painful for him to walk.	He had trouble carrying all of the bananas.	To push her to go to the farm.	He felt bad about taking the farmer's bananas.	multiple: What happened to Jake's leg?	It was scraped by a nail in the barn.	He tripped on a rock and hurt it.	He was bit by a dog on his way to school.	He was stung by a bee.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.155	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1672;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: vanilla,think,plate,fall,strawberry,mitten,fun,body,die,purple,plane,baseball,beach,splinter,horse	Ms. Strawberry loved to make vanilla cupcakes! Everyone loved her cupcakes, and she loved making them, too. One morning, she was in the store, buying ingredients for her  cupcakes, when she came across the most delicious looking chocolate frosting she had ever seen in her life! She bought a whole bunch, excited about how delicious her cupcakes would be for her cupcake party tonight!\newlineShe went home and took extra care making her cupcakes that afternoon. She made them extra fluffy, sweet and delicious. She even pulled out her favorite sprinkles for her cupcakes, bright purple ones, which was her favorite color. She couldn't believe how amazing her cupcakes were going to be for the cupcake party!\newlineThat night at the cupcake party, Ms. Strawberry showed everyone her plate of delicious cupcakes! So many of her friends were there for the party. There was Mrs. Apple, Mr. Banana, Ms. Mitten, Mr. Green and even quiet Mr. Lemon showed up. Everyone was very happy about her cupcakes! Everyone except Mr. Lemon. Mr. Lemon took one bite of that cupcake and said, "Eew! This is the worst cupcake in the world!"\newlineMs. Strawberry didn't know what to say! Were they really the worst cupcakes in the world? She had tried so hard! Ms. Strawberry started to cry. "Why don't you like my cupcakes, Mr. Lemon? I worked so hard to make the extra delicious!"\newlineMr. Lemon said, "I don't like vanilla, and I don't like chocolate!" Ms. Strawberry cried even more!\newline"There, there," said Mrs. Apple, and patted Ms. Strawberry on the head.  "It's okay. Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes! You only have to know that you worked hard and that they're still tasty!" With that, Ms. Strawberry stopped crying, and she and Mr. Lemon made up.	one: What does Mr. Lemon not like?	banana and lemon.	green mittens.	vanilla and chocolate.	strawberry and apple.	multiple: Who patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes!"	Mr. Banana.	Mrs. Apple.	Mr. Lemon.	Ms. Mitten.	multiple: What kind of frosting did the cupcakes have?	Banana.	Strawberry.	Chocolate.	Vanilla.	multiple: Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that...	evening.	night.	afternoon.	morning.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.201	Author: 1761097910;Work Time(s): 591;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: line,saying,faster,low,hold,marker,bike,first,sleep,knob,food,zoo,crawl,turn,cracker	One day the Smith family went to the zoo.  Ann Smith rode her bike from place to place.  Joe Smith crawled everywhere he went.  Their parents, Katie and Mike Smith, walked.  After visiting many animals they all met up at the monkey cage.  There was a long line to feed the monkeys.  The line was so long that Joe fell asleep for a bit.  Finally, it was time for the Smith family to feed the monkeys. The daughter, Ann, feed the monkeys a banana.  The son, Joe, fed the monkeys a cracker.  The mother, Katie, fed the monkeys a piece of cheese.  The father, Mike, fed the monkeys an apple.\newline\newlineAfter the monkeys were done eating the zoo worker told them to pick their favorite treat, and give the person who gave it to them a hug.  The monkeys all hugged Joe.  Joe's parents were proud of him for picking the treat he liked best.  As a reward, they gave him a special prize.  Joe got the bike he had always wished for.  At the end of the day he left the zoo a very happy child.	one: What is the name of the father?	Ann	Joe	Katie	Mike	one: What is the name of the daughter?	Joe	Katie	Ann	Mike	multiple: Who gave the monkeys their favorite treat?	Mike	Joe	Ann	Katie	multiple: What special prize did Joe get?	an apple	a bike	a cracker	a baby
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.224	Author: 133375093;Work Time(s): 13726;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: rug,mother,long,yesterday,plane,mitten,hide,present,butt,tummy,afternoon,banana,popcorn,pea,head	The First Day\newline\newlineSeven year old Roberto grabbed his mother's hand as they entered the school. It was his first day at the new school and he was afraid. This school was bigger than the one he went to before, and there were so many kids everywhere. Still, Roberto wondered if he would make any friends here. He was always a little shy, and the few friends he had were now far away in another city.\newline\newline"Here we are," Roberto's mother said as she looked at a classroom door. "Room 118. This is your new classroom, Roberto. Let's go meet your new teacher."\newline\newlineThey entered the classroom and walked over to the teacher, who was writing on the blackboard. "Hello. I'm Mrs. Cruz," Roberto's mother said as she greeted the teacher with a smile.\newline\newlineThe teacher looked up and smiled at Mrs. Cruz and said, "I'm Miss Washington. It's nice to meet you Mrs. Cruz." Then she looked at Roberto and said, "Hello. And who is this nice young man?"\newline\newline"This is my son, Roberto. He started at this school today, and is in your class," Mrs. Cruz said as she smiled had put her hand on her son's head.\newline\newline"Well Roberto, class is about to begin and then you can meet all the nice children here," said Miss Washington. "Say goodbye to your mommy and then we can get started." Roberto gave his mother a big kiss and waved goodbye as she left the classroom. Then the teacher took him to his seat at his new desk.\newline\newlineEverything went well on that first school day. Roberto made twelve new friends. He ate a good lunch had a banana and popcorn for snacks. Later that afternoon when school was finished, Roberto's mother came and took him home. He told her how much fun his new school was and how he wanted to go back tomorrow.	one: Why was Roberto afraid?	Because it was his first day at the new school.	Because he ate a good lunch.	Because he made twelve new friends.	Because he met his new teacher.	multiple: What did Miss Washington say when she first saw Roberto and his mother?	"It's nice to meet you" and "say goodbye to your daddy."	"It's nice to meet you" and "you can meet all the nice teachers here."	"It's nice to meet you" and "who is this nice young man?"	"The children here are bad."	multiple: What did Roberto do on his first school day?	He made new friends, ate a good lunch, and had some snacks.	He went to class in room 218.	He kissed his teacher goodbye.	He saw his friends far away in another city.	one: When Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing?	She was looking at a classroom door.	She was writing on the blackboard.	She was taking her seat at her new desk.	She was eating lunch.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.245	Author: 2968115533;Work Time(s): 1003;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: lunch,stay,squirrel,stinker,corn,moon,take,banana,grandpa,bear,sweet,mine,quieter,coke,racer	The day was dark and stormy; puddles could be seen all over the ground, making the yard look like a tiny pond.  Conner frowned as he let the curtain drop back down. There was no way that mommy was going to let him go out and play today. She would say that it was too muddy and he would get wet. Conner thought to himself, "But what if I don't ask her?"  Smiling, Conner pushed open the sliding door to the back yard.  Slipping on his rain boots, he rushed outside and began to run and jump from puddle to puddle, sending large showers of water up around him with every jump. After he had jumped in all of the puddles he looked back towards the house to find mommy standing in the doorway watching him with a smile on her face. She giggled as she too pulled on her rain boots and joined him in jumping from puddle to puddle.	multiple: What has made the little boy sad	the rain has forced him to stay inside	he wants a puppy	he doesn't want to eat his vegetable	he has to go to bed	multiple: What does mommy do when she sees Conner outside	mommy tells him to come in and takes away his rain boots	Nothing mommy never saw him outside.	smiles and joins him in his play	mommy shuts the sliding door	one: What is the little boys name	outside	Conner	mommy	Rain	one: What does the Conner do when he goes outside	takes off his rain boots	Conner runs away	Conner falls and hurts himself	runs from puddle to puddle splashing in them
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.250	Author: 3805532826;Work Time(s): 710;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: sleep,napkin,bath,vanilla,girl,sleeve,zoo,friendly,winning,zebra,monkey,spill,apple,television,sweet	Once upon a time there were a zebra and a monkey in a zoo.  The zebra and the monkey had many napkins.  What did the zebra and the monkey do with all the napkins?  They didn't know.  They ate the napkins.  The zebra felt good.  The monkey got a stomach ache.  Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?  The napkins were make out of straw.  Straw is good for zebras.  Straw is not good for monkeys.  The monkey did not like eating the napkins.  The zoo worker came and gave the monkey a pill.  The pill made the monkey feel better.  Now the monkey does not eat napkins.  The monkey eats bananas instead of napkins.  Now the monkey is always happy and feels good.  The zebra does not like to eat bananas.  The zebra eats all the napkins and feels good.  The zebra and the monkey are both very happy.	multiple: Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?	the pill was bad for the monkey	the napkin was made from straw which is not good for monkeys.	the monkey was sad	the zebra punched the monkey	one: What does the monkey eat instead of napkins?	zebra steak	bananas	a cheese sandwich	a pill	one: What does the zebra eat?	bananas	pancakes	napkins	a pill	multiple: What made the monkey feel better?	the zoo worker gave the monkey a pill	the zebra gave the monkey another napkin	the zoo worker gave the monkey a banana	the zoo worker told the monkey a joke
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.255	Author: 1761097910;Work Time(s): 1363;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: fruit,tailing,cut,dig,duck,burp,stick,wiggle,sock,quiet,look,pin,monster,sock,teacher	Once upon a time there was a cat named Pizza.  Pizza was black with four white feet and a brown tail.  Pizza had three friends.  They were Dig the dog, Mittens the rooster, and Bub the duck.  When they were in school one day, their teacher told them the story of the super scary sock monster.  She warned them to stay as far away from the sock monster as they could.  Wanting to show how brave they were, Pizza, Dig, Mittens, and Bub went off to take a picture of the sock monster.  Before they left, they each packed one type of fruit.  Pizza packed an apple.  Dig packed a pear.  Mittens packed a banana.  Bub packed a grape.\newline\newlineIt took a long time but they finally found the sock monster.  He lived in a cave.  The cave was under the school.  The sock monster was not looking in their direction when they found him.  As quiet as they could, they walked up to him.  Pizza got the camera ready.  Just as Pizza was about to take the picture, Bub tripped over a stick.  The noise caused the sock monster to look at the brave friends.  The sock monster was angry!  \newline\newline"He looks mad!  What can we do?" wondered Mittens?  \newline\newline"Maybe he likes fruit." said Pizza, "Let's throw him the fruit we packed."\newline\newlinePizza gave the sock monster his apple.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Bub gave the sock monster his grape.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Mittens gave the sock monster her banana.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Dig gave the sock monster her pear.  The sock monster ate it!  \newline\newline"Thanks!" said the sock monster.  "I was really hungry.  Pears are my favorite."\newline\newlineNo longer hungry, the sock monster let Pizza take a picture.  The brave friends returned to their teacher and showed her the picture.  \newline\newline"You are all very brave," said the teacher.  "But you didn't listen to me.  I am keeping the picture.  It is your punishment."\newline\newlineThe brave friends were very sorry.	one: What is the name of the cat?	Dig	Mittens	Pizza	Bub	multiple: Who made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends?	Dig	Bub	Mittens	Pizza	multiple: Which fruit did the sock monster eat?	banana	grape	apple	pear	one: What is the name of the dog?	Dig	Pizza	Mittens	Bub
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.271	Author: 1170562614;Work Time(s): 515;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: banana,ham,helper,yard,sweep,kick,fridge,table,pacifier,wetter,playground,liar,sock,dinner,making	Andrew wanted to make some extra money to buy a toy truck that he really wanted but didn't get for his birthday.  The truck cost thirty dollars and it made four different noises.  The truck also had a ladder that was three feet long.  Andrew had asked for it for his birthday but didn't get it.  He did get a camera from his uncle and a puzzle from his friend.  In order to make the money his mom told him that he needed to do chores around the house.  His mom told him that he could make five dollars by mowing the lawn.  He chose to do this chore and it took him three hours.  She then gave him the money.  He also chose to walk the dog every day for a week which made him one dollar a day.  His grandpa gave him a late birthday present for his birthday.  His grandpa's gift was twelve dollars.  He spent the afternoon counting his money and found that he was still short of his goal.	multiple: What was the second way Andrew made money?	Mowing the lawn	Walking the dog	It was a gift	He didn't make any money	multiple: How much more money does Andrew need to make to buy the truck?	five dollars	seven dollars	six dollars	eight dollars	one: Who gave Andrew the late present?	his friend	his grandpa	his uncle	his mom	one: What does Andrew want to buy?	a dog	a gift	a lawn	a toy truck
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.277	Author: 970491957;Work Time(s): 9160;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: diaper,biscuit,toast,think,tiger,white,morning,thumb,friendly,banana,wash,grape,turkey,sugar,wiggle	Tim and Janey woke up earlier than normal. Their stomach were growling. They were ready for breakfast.\newlineThey had gone to bed at their normal time, but they could not help being up now. So they woke up their father and went downstairs for breakfast. It was so early in the morning the sun was not even out yet. But their dad knew once the kids were up, there was no going back to sleep, so he got started.\newlineHe gave them each a banana to start. He let them pick either a biscuit or toast. They chose toast. So he made wheat bread toast and put grape jelly on it. The quickly ate it and the orange juice they were given. They then each had a bowl of Rice Krispies before getting showered and dressed. They kissed their mom as she went to work and began enjoying the day off from school by playing in their rooms.\newlineDad thought he'd done a good job feeding the kids. But in two hours, they both were asking for turkey sandwiches for lunch. With Tim and Janey so hungry so soon, their dad knew he was in for a long day.\newlineAnd a busy one in the kitchen.	one: Who left the house?	Mom	Dad	Tim	Janey	multiple: What did the kids eat for breakfast?	Banana, toast, cereal	Banana, biscuit, cereal	Banana	Biscuit, toast, cereal	multiple: Why did Tim and Janey get up so early?	They had to make breakfast	Their dad woke them up	They went to bed at a later than normal time.	They were hungry	one: Who made breakfast?	Dad	Tim	Janey	Mom
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.289	Author: 1444843715;Work Time(s): 2302;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: alligator,cake,rest,bag,bean,wolf,hide,sit,fear,fly,fall,bath,alligator,knob,last	Max was sitting at home reading his favorite book.  The story was about cakes.  Max thought to himself, "I am going to go to the store and get stuff to make a cake!"   Max headed to the grocery store to get the cake ingredients.  Max was going to make a banana and chocolate cake.  On his way he saw his friend Greg, a small wolf.  Greg was also heading to the store.  Greg was going to make a pie for his mother.  He needed to get strawberries and blueberries.  Max asked Greg if he wanted to walk to the store together.  Greg the wolf said yes, so they walked to the store together.  At the store the other people looked at Max and Greg.  They had never seen an alligator and a wolf who are friends before.  Max and Greg laughed at this.  Max got the chocolate and bananas to make his cake and Greg got the strawberries and blueberries to make his pie.  They left the store.  Max waved good bye to Greg.  "See you later alligator," said Greg.  Max went home and made his cake, it was very good.	multiple: Why did Max want to get bananas and chocolate?	He wanted to get strawberries	H wanted to get blueberries	He wanted to see his friend Max	He wanted to make a cake	one: What type of animal is Max?	Alligator	Blueberries	Fox	Wolf	multiple: What were the items Greg needed at the store?	Bananas	strawberries and blueberries	Chocolate	Ham	one: What kind of animal is Greg?	A wolf	An alligator	Bananas	Dog
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.290	Author: 3996756882;Work Time(s): 12731;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: seed,banana,can,glass,wood,cutting,belly,letter,push,fingering,fridge,television,real,fluff,face	One hot summer day in August my family and I wanted to go to the beach.  We had not gone to the beach in a very long time and felt that today was a great day to do it. \newline\newlineWe piled everyone into the car-my mom, my dad, my sister, my dog, and me. I begged mom and dad to let me sit in the front seat, but they said no.  I had to sit next to the smelly dog instead for the whole trip. \newline\newlineWhen we got to the beach and opened the car door our dog raced down to the water to play. I grabbed the large umbrella we brought and walked down to the sand with mom and dad. After we had found a spot, they let me go play in the water. \newline\newlineIt felt really good to cool off in the ocean water on such a hot day. As I swam around I saw many cool things, like fish, seaweed, and shells. I brought the interesting shells that I found to a bucket I had on the beach and threw them in. They would be great to add to my collection at home.\newline\newlineWhen I got tired of swimming, my sister and I wanted to make a sand castle. We built towers using buckets and dug a huge ditch with our shovels. When our castle was complete we were about to take a picture, but then the dog ran it over and smashed it. I was about to yell at the dog, but then mom said it was getting late and we had to go home.\newline\newlineWhen we got home I was wiped out from playing all day, so I went to sleep almost immediately. It was a very good day that I'll always remember.	multiple: Why did the dog almost get yelled at?	The dog was almost yelled at for sitting in the seat for the whole trip.	The dog was about to get yelled at for smashing the sand castle.	The dog was almost yelled at for racing down to the water to play.	The dog was almost yelled at for digging a huge ditch.	one: What did the dog do when the family got to the beach?	The dog carried the large umbrella down to the sand.	The dog dug a huge ditch.	The dog raced down to the water to play.	The dog went to sleep almost immediately.	multiple: What was it that was added to a collection at home?	Shells.	Fish.	Buckets.	Seaweed.	one: When did the main character go to sleep?	The main character went to sleep almost immediately when they got home.	The main character went to sleep when the sand castle was complete.	The main character went to sleep next to the smelly dog for the whole trip.	The main character went to sleep when the dog smashed the sand castle.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.295	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1269;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: forward,sit,toss,sun,hide,tongue,dinosaur,clap,banana,wash,moon,elephant,freezer,end,harder	Larry the dinosaur was going to go to a dinosaur birthday party that night, and he was very excited, because the party was for him! He was turning 7 years old, which in dinosaur years, that means he was going to be an adult! There were so many different things he was going to do! He knew that there was going to be a moon bounce, and that he was going to get a lot of presents from all of his dinosaur friends, but the thing that he was most excited about, was the cake! Larry's favorite food was cake, and he hoped that they got the right flavor. Larry's favorite flavor was banana.\newlineLarry went to school that day and everyone told him happy birthday! When he came home from school, all the lights were out. "Hello?" Larry said, as he came into the house. All of the sudden, the lights went on, and there was everyone! "Happy birthday Larry!" all of his friends shouted. Confetti went everywhere. "Where is the cake?" he asked.\newline"Here it is!" said his mom, and brought out the cake. "It's a chocolate cake, like you wanted!"\newlineLarry froze. "I said that I wanted a banana cake." said Larry. He was very sad. "Now the party is going to be no fun."\newline"Oh Larry." said his mom. "Your friends are here, and we worked very hard to set up this party for you! Please at least go spend some time with your friends."\newlineLarry was sad, but he tried to have fun. And the more he tried to have fun, the more he liked the party. The moon bounce was fun, and the gifts were very nice. He found out that you can still have fun even when things don't go as planned.	multiple: Why did Larry think that the party was going to be no fun?	Because none of his friends came.	Because his mom yelled at him.	Because there was no moon bounce.	Because the cake was chocolate.	one: What is Larry's favorite food?	Chocolate cake.	Chocolate.	Bananas.	Banana cake.	one: When Larry went to school that day...	everyone said "Happy birthday!"	Larry didn't go to school.	everyone ate cake.	nobody said "Happy Birthday!"	multiple: What was Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor?	Banana cake.	Chocolate cake.	Chocolate banana.	Banana chocolate.
mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.296	Author: 1444843715;Work Time(s): 1844;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: strawberry,think,weekend,tummy,watch,push,dinnertime,shut,birthday,toss,sled,television,mouse,paper,ant	James was getting ready for the weekend.  He needed to go to the store.  He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.  James made a list of things to get.  He wrote down strawberries, apples, cupcakes, juice, and bananas.  James was going to make a fruit salad.  James went to the store.  He bought the apples, cupcakes, and bananas that were on the shopping list.  He forgot to buy the juice.   James also bought a toy mouse for a present for his friend.  James was very excited for the party this weekend.  \newline\newlineThe day of the party finally arrived.  James made the fruit salad with the apples, strawberries, and bananas he bought.  He set out the cupcakes and fruit salad on the table.  He placed the toy mouse in shiny paper and set it on the table too.  He checked his watch.  It was almost time for the party.  The birthday guests would be there soon.\newline\newlineOnce the guests came they ate cupcakes and fruit salad.  Everyone liked the food.  James gave his friend the present.  His friend really liked the toy mouse.  James was very happy because his friend had a great birthday.	multiple: What did James set on the table?	He set a cake on the table.	He set a dog on the table.	He set out the cupcakes, fruit salad and toy mouse on the table.	He set a bowl on the table.	one: Did James's friend like his present?	His friend really disliked the toy mouse.	His friend really liked the toy mouse.	His friend did not like the toy mouse.	His friend really liked the toy dog.	one: Why did James need to go to the store?	He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.	To buy party hats	To buy a watch	To buy paper	multiple: What did James buy at the store?	James bought shiny paper.	James bought juice.	James bought birthday candles.	He bought the apples, cupcakes, bananas, and a toy mouse.
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: barn,name,trip,arm,tree,storm,white,word,clown,tape,goldfish,draw,winding,banana,street
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: not,trashcan,up,frog,moon,noodle,knob,smoke,unicorn,ceiling,lamb,banana,line,run,beard
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: day,lemon,angel,food,yogurt,towel,sister,library,bowing,naughty,hurry,banana,shut,gum,kitten
mc500.train.txt:They went into the store and straight to look at the fruit. Emily looked at the lemons, the bananas, the apples and the pears.  In the end, Emily chose the apples and put them in a bag.  She handed the bag to her mother to put into their shopping cart.
mc500.train.txt: D) bananas
mc500.train.txt:Paul the pear lived in a bowl on the table. He was a plastic fruit, and no one could eat him. He sat in the bowl with Artie the apple and Gertie the grapes. He watched every day as the group of bananas that hung out in another basket got eaten one by one. He wished he could be taken along to work in a bag and brought along to eat. But day after day, he sat in the bowl with only his plastic friends. One day, a little boy walked over towards him and picked Paul up. Paul was very excited. The boy looked at the pear with hungry eyes. He put him up to his mouth and took a big bite. "Ewwww!!!" said the little boy, and he spit out the fake fruit all over the floor. He put Paul back in the bowl and ran away. Paul smiled to himself about his adventure.
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: feed,doctor,bib,drier,rattle,red,toilet,frog,moon,banana,bull,wrong,singing,beard,yesterday
mc500.train.txt:There was a young woman who had a baby. She was very young. She had to learn how to feed the baby right. The doctor helped her with this. The doctor helped her with many things. Yesterday, the doctor had helped her try and teach the child to use the toilet. Today, she puts a bib on the baby to try to feed her. She tries to feed it with a frog shaped spoon. She tries to feed her a banana. She tries a rhyme, to get the child to have fun. The rhyme is about the cat that jumped over the moon. The doctor watches with a smile on his face. The doctor has a beard. The baby likes to play with the doctor's beard. The baby also likes to play with her rattle. Her rattle is shaped like a bull. It is a loud rattle. The baby still makes a mess, but she is drier than yesterday. The doctor says it is a good job.
mc500.train.txt:*B) A banana.
mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there was a cowgirl named Callie. Callie was the most beautiful cowgirl in all the land. She rode a beautiful horse. Her horse was brown. There are plenty of other horses. There are black horses, white horses, and red horses, but Callie's brown horse was the only horse in the world. Callie lived in a beautiful house with her husband. Her husband's name was Henry. Henry was a very good farmer. He grew tomatoes. His neighbor grew corn, potatoes, and bananas. His neighbor's name was David. David had a son named James who played in Henry's field. One day James fell and Henry almost ran him over with his horse. It was very scary. James was very careful when playing in the field. His dad told him never to play in the field again and he listened. Henry was very sorry for scaring him and sent him a basket of tomatoes.
mc500.train.txt:So Andy went to talk to his friends, to find out if they had any strawberries.  He walked to a big field where he saw his friend Billy the Bison.  Andy asked Billy if he had any strawberries.  "No, I don't," said Billy, "All I have is a banana."  Andy was sad, because he really wanted a strawberry, but he wouldn't stop there.
mc500.train.txt:The guy stood there listening with his bag of hungry monkeys. At the very second the news team took a close up of the shoe with their big camera the guy opened the bag and freed the monkeys. He had told them earlier that hidden somewhere in the house was a cookie. He laughed very loud as he imagined them tearing up her house on live TV. But instead of doing that, they stood around looking bored because monkeys like bananas not cookies.
mc500.train.txt: B) He hid a banana somewhere in the house.
mc500.train.txt:*A) He didn't learn about monkeys first. The monkeys wanted bananas not cookies.
mc500.train.txt: C) He fell in a hole after slipping on a banana peel.
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: ball,help,mouth,ketchup,barn,shape,pretty,yellow,cross,dry,scissor,hand,farmer,smell,banana
mc500.train.txt:Jake and Carol live next door to a banana farm. One day as they were taking a walk, Jake asked Carol if she could smell the sweet bananas. Carol said yes and that she would love it if the farmer would give them some. Jake's mouth watered at the thought of eating the golden yellow bananas. They then began walking to the farmer's barn to ask him if they could have some. When they arrived they saw a sign that said the farmer would be out until tomorrow night. He was also a singer and would be performing at a school two towns over in Orangeville. Instead of waiting for the farmer to return so that they could ask for some bananas, Jake and Carol began walking around the farm to pick their own. 
mc500.train.txt: B) Eating bananas at a park.
mc500.train.txt: C) Picking bananas.
mc500.train.txt:*D) Next to a banana farm.
mc500.train.txt: B) He had trouble carrying all of the bananas.
mc500.train.txt: D) He felt bad about taking the farmer's bananas.
mc500.train.txt: A) banana and lemon.
mc500.train.txt:One day the Smith family went to the zoo.  Ann Smith rode her bike from place to place.  Joe Smith crawled everywhere he went.  Their parents, Katie and Mike Smith, walked.  After visiting many animals they all met up at the monkey cage.  There was a long line to feed the monkeys.  The line was so long that Joe fell asleep for a bit.  Finally, it was time for the Smith family to feed the monkeys. The daughter, Ann, feed the monkeys a banana.  The son, Joe, fed the monkeys a cracker.  The mother, Katie, fed the monkeys a piece of cheese.  The father, Mike, fed the monkeys an apple.
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: rug,mother,long,yesterday,plane,mitten,hide,present,butt,tummy,afternoon,banana,popcorn,pea,head
mc500.train.txt:Everything went well on that first school day. Roberto made twelve new friends. He ate a good lunch had a banana and popcorn for snacks. Later that afternoon when school was finished, Roberto's mother came and took him home. He told her how much fun his new school was and how he wanted to go back tomorrow.
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: lunch,stay,squirrel,stinker,corn,moon,take,banana,grandpa,bear,sweet,mine,quieter,coke,racer
mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there were a zebra and a monkey in a zoo.  The zebra and the monkey had many napkins.  What did the zebra and the monkey do with all the napkins?  They didn't know.  They ate the napkins.  The zebra felt good.  The monkey got a stomach ache.  Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?  The napkins were make out of straw.  Straw is good for zebras.  Straw is not good for monkeys.  The monkey did not like eating the napkins.  The zoo worker came and gave the monkey a pill.  The pill made the monkey feel better.  Now the monkey does not eat napkins.  The monkey eats bananas instead of napkins.  Now the monkey is always happy and feels good.  The zebra does not like to eat bananas.  The zebra eats all the napkins and feels good.  The zebra and the monkey are both very happy.
mc500.train.txt:*B) bananas
mc500.train.txt: A) bananas
mc500.train.txt: C) the zoo worker gave the monkey a banana
mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there was a cat named Pizza.  Pizza was black with four white feet and a brown tail.  Pizza had three friends.  They were Dig the dog, Mittens the rooster, and Bub the duck.  When they were in school one day, their teacher told them the story of the super scary sock monster.  She warned them to stay as far away from the sock monster as they could.  Wanting to show how brave they were, Pizza, Dig, Mittens, and Bub went off to take a picture of the sock monster.  Before they left, they each packed one type of fruit.  Pizza packed an apple.  Dig packed a pear.  Mittens packed a banana.  Bub packed a grape.
mc500.train.txt:Pizza gave the sock monster his apple.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Bub gave the sock monster his grape.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Mittens gave the sock monster her banana.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Dig gave the sock monster her pear.  The sock monster ate it!  
mc500.train.txt: A) banana
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: banana,ham,helper,yard,sweep,kick,fridge,table,pacifier,wetter,playground,liar,sock,dinner,making
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: diaper,biscuit,toast,think,tiger,white,morning,thumb,friendly,banana,wash,grape,turkey,sugar,wiggle
mc500.train.txt:He gave them each a banana to start. He let them pick either a biscuit or toast. They chose toast. So he made wheat bread toast and put grape jelly on it. The quickly ate it and the orange juice they were given. They then each had a bowl of Rice Krispies before getting showered and dressed. They kissed their mom as she went to work and began enjoying the day off from school by playing in their rooms.
mc500.train.txt:Max was sitting at home reading his favorite book.  The story was about cakes.  Max thought to himself, "I am going to go to the store and get stuff to make a cake!"   Max headed to the grocery store to get the cake ingredients.  Max was going to make a banana and chocolate cake.  On his way he saw his friend Greg, a small wolf.  Greg was also heading to the store.  Greg was going to make a pie for his mother.  He needed to get strawberries and blueberries.  Max asked Greg if he wanted to walk to the store together.  Greg the wolf said yes, so they walked to the store together.  At the store the other people looked at Max and Greg.  They had never seen an alligator and a wolf who are friends before.  Max and Greg laughed at this.  Max got the chocolate and bananas to make his cake and Greg got the strawberries and blueberries to make his pie.  They left the store.  Max waved good bye to Greg.  "See you later alligator," said Greg.  Max went home and made his cake, it was very good.
mc500.train.txt:1: multiple: Why did Max want to get bananas and chocolate?
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: seed,banana,can,glass,wood,cutting,belly,letter,push,fingering,fridge,television,real,fluff,face
mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: forward,sit,toss,sun,hide,tongue,dinosaur,clap,banana,wash,moon,elephant,freezer,end,harder
mc500.train.txt:Larry the dinosaur was going to go to a dinosaur birthday party that night, and he was very excited, because the party was for him! He was turning 7 years old, which in dinosaur years, that means he was going to be an adult! There were so many different things he was going to do! He knew that there was going to be a moon bounce, and that he was going to get a lot of presents from all of his dinosaur friends, but the thing that he was most excited about, was the cake! Larry's favorite food was cake, and he hoped that they got the right flavor. Larry's favorite flavor was banana.
mc500.train.txt:Larry froze. "I said that I wanted a banana cake." said Larry. He was very sad. "Now the party is going to be no fun."
mc500.train.txt: C) Chocolate banana.
mc500.train.txt:James was getting ready for the weekend.  He needed to go to the store.  He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.  James made a list of things to get.  He wrote down strawberries, apples, cupcakes, juice, and bananas.  James was going to make a fruit salad.  James went to the store.  He bought the apples, cupcakes, and bananas that were on the shopping list.  He forgot to buy the juice.   James also bought a toy mouse for a present for his friend.  James was very excited for the party this weekend.  
mc500.train.txt:The day of the party finally arrived.  James made the fruit salad with the apples, strawberries, and bananas he bought.  He set out the cupcakes and fruit salad on the table.  He placed the toy mouse in shiny paper and set it on the table too.  He checked his watch.  It was almost time for the party.  The birthday guests would be there soon.
mc500.train.txt:*D) He bought the apples, cupcakes, bananas, and a toy mouse.
temp.txt:mc160.dev.tsv:mc160.dev.24	Author: 2612134556;Work Time(s): 2652	Every Monday morning, the little bad boy named Josh goes to school.\newline\newlineSuddenly, little Josh slips on a banana skin ...\newline\newline- Ouch, says Josh, I fell on this and in addition I got a bump on the forehead!\newline\newline- Wonderful! said the banana peel. I am Mary. I turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard. You have saved me and now I'm back to good old Mary. What's your name?\newline\newline- Mine is Josh... I'm a late to class ... are you serious, where is the banana peel anyways?\newline\newline- The Banana, my dear Josh, was eaten by me, I threw the banana peel and turned into one ... now you saved me, can you see the banana peel you slipped on around here?\newline\newline- No, you are right.\newline\newline- Mary said:  Josh, Thank you\newline\newline- Excuse me, Mary ... I have to go ... Otherwise I'll be late for school ... And I would not want to upset the teacher.	one: Who slipped on a banana skin?	Josh	John	Mary	Kate	multiple: Why Josh was in such a hurry?	Josh had a soccer game to play.	Josh was going back home.	Josh was heading to the school yard.	Josh was late to class.	one: Who turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard?	Mary	Kate	Josh	Peter	multiple: Who are the principal characters of the story	Mary and Kate	Mary and Josh	Josh and Peter	Kate and Josh
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:Suddenly, little Josh slips on a banana skin ...
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:- Wonderful! said the banana peel. I am Mary. I turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard. You have saved me and now I'm back to good old Mary. What's your name?
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:- Mine is Josh... I'm a late to class ... are you serious, where is the banana peel anyways?
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:- The Banana, my dear Josh, was eaten by me, I threw the banana peel and turned into one ... now you saved me, can you see the banana peel you slipped on around here?
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:1: one: Who slipped on a banana skin?
temp.txt:mc160.dev.txt:3: one: Who turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard?
temp.txt:mc160.test.tsv:mc160.test.6	Author: 3962218273;Work Time(s): 918	One day, Lucy was taking her dog to the park when she saw a big ice cream truck. \newline\newlineIt did not look like other ice cream trucks she had seen before, so she rushed to look at it. \newline\newlineInside, she saw that this truck had many different flavors of ice cream that the other trucks didn't have.\newline\newlineThis truck had chocolate, strawberry, banana and even mint flavors!\newline\newlineShe wanted to get some ice cream, but when she got to the truck she saw that she had no money.\newline\newlineShe remembered then that she left it at home. All the other children were going up to the truck, but Lucy couldn't because she had no money.\newline\newlineShe rushed home with her dog at her side, and jumped across fences and ran across sidewalks as quickly as she could, trying her hardest to get home. \newline\newlineWhen she got home, she got her money and ran back the way she came to the ice cream truck, but it was gone.\newline\newlineLucy was very sad. She went back home and...\newline\newline...found that her Mom had bought ice cream for everyone!	one: What was different about the ice cream truck Lucy saw at the park?	It was blue	It had more flavors of ice cream	It was big	It had chocolate flavored ice cream	multiple: Why couldn't Lucy buy ice cream?	Her mom wouldn't let her	The ice cream truck was too fast	She didn't have enough money saved	She forgot her money at home	multiple: What made Lucy sad?	All the ice cream was eaten all ready.	The ice cream truck was gone.	The ice cream truck didn't have the flavor Lucy wanted.	The ice cream truck was still there.	one: What did Lucy's mom bring home for everyone?	A new dog	Ice cream	Frozen yogurt	An ice cream truck
temp.txt:mc160.test.tsv:mc160.test.57	Author: 1297199038;Work Time(s): 4643	Penelope kissed her hamster named Cracker. She waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob. Penelope ran out the door. Penelope's neighbor, Mrs. Flower, said she would make banana pancakes for Penelope for breakfast. Penelope could also play with Mrs. Flower's new puppy, Cookie. Penelope saw a bowl with green beans, beets, and carrots from the store on the kitchen table.  Yuck, thought Penelope.  Penelope liked the new puppy.  Cookie had a funny smile. Mrs. Flower gave Penelope a box of toys and told her to take Cookie to the backyard. Penelope was busy looking at the green tomatoes.  She turned around and saw Cookie and Mr. Flower's cat, Thomas. Thomas and Cookie were playing with the toys. Thomas kicked a ball to Cookie and Cookie kicked the ball back. Cookie got a toy fish out the box. Thomas and Cookie played catch with the toy fish.  Penelope was laughing because she never saw a dog and cat play together.  Mrs. Flower came to the backyard.  She asked Penelope if she wanted yogurt, apple sauce or chocolate pudding with her breakfast. Penelope said she wanted yogurt. Penelope went inside and ate her breakfast with Mrs. Flower and Mr. Flower.	one: What is the name of Mrs. Flower's  new puppy?	Cookie	Jacob	Cracker	Thomas	multiple: What did Penelope do before going to Mrs. Flower's house for breakfast?	She saw green beans, beets, and carrots on her kitchen table.	She saw a dog and cat play together.	She had some yogurt for breakfast.	She kissed her hamster Cracker and waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob.	multiple: What did Thomas and Cookie do in the backyard?	Thomas and Cookie kicked a ball and played catch with a toy fish.	Thomas and Cookie ate chocolate pudding and apple sauce.	Thomas and Cookie dug up carrots in the garden.	Thomas and Cookie ate green tomatoes from Mrs. Flower's garden.	multiple: What did Penelope have with her banana pancakes at breakfast?	carrots	apple sauce	yogurt	chocolate pudding
temp.txt:mc160.test.txt:This truck had chocolate, strawberry, banana and even mint flavors!
temp.txt:mc160.test.txt:Penelope kissed her hamster named Cracker. She waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob. Penelope ran out the door. Penelope's neighbor, Mrs. Flower, said she would make banana pancakes for Penelope for breakfast. Penelope could also play with Mrs. Flower's new puppy, Cookie. Penelope saw a bowl with green beans, beets, and carrots from the store on the kitchen table.  Yuck, thought Penelope.  Penelope liked the new puppy.  Cookie had a funny smile. Mrs. Flower gave Penelope a box of toys and told her to take Cookie to the backyard. Penelope was busy looking at the green tomatoes.  She turned around and saw Cookie and Mr. Flower's cat, Thomas. Thomas and Cookie were playing with the toys. Thomas kicked a ball to Cookie and Cookie kicked the ball back. Cookie got a toy fish out the box. Thomas and Cookie played catch with the toy fish.  Penelope was laughing because she never saw a dog and cat play together.  Mrs. Flower came to the backyard.  She asked Penelope if she wanted yogurt, apple sauce or chocolate pudding with her breakfast. Penelope said she wanted yogurt. Penelope went inside and ate her breakfast with Mrs. Flower and Mr. Flower.
temp.txt:mc160.test.txt:4: multiple: What did Penelope have with her banana pancakes at breakfast?
temp.txt:mc160.train.tsv:mc160.train.67	Author: 1918645709;Work Time(s): 1464	Timothy likes to play sports. He spends his time after school playing basketball and\newlinebaseball. Sometimes Timothy pretends he is a famous baseball pitcher for his favorite team\newlinewith his friends. He plays with his friends Mandy and Andrew. Timothy also plays pretend\newlinewhen he is alone. He has an imaginary friend named Sean. Sean is an elephant who watches\newlinetelevision with Timothy.\newline\newlineMandy likes playing baseball but she also likes to paint. Mandy's favorite class at school\newlineis art. She likes making pictures of flowers. Her teacher says she is a good artist. She\newlinepainted a picture of a tree for her teacher. There were red and yellow leaves on it. It\newlinehad apples on it.\newline\newlineWhen Andrew goes home after baseball, he likes to eat a snack. He eats carrots and\newlinebananas. If he is a good boy his mom, Mrs. Smith, sometimes gives him milk and\newlinecookies. Afterwards, Andrew finishes his homework.	one: What does Mandy like to paint?	flowers	elephants	bugs	trees	multiple: What does Timothy do with Mandy and Andrew?	watches television	plays baseball	goes home	paints	one: Who is Sean?	Mandy's friend	Andrew's mom	Timothy's imaginary friend	Mandy's teacher	multiple: What does Andrew eat after baseball?	apples	his homework	carrots	cake
temp.txt:mc160.train.txt:bananas. If he is a good boy his mom, Mrs. Smith, sometimes gives him milk and
temp.txt:mc500.dev.tsv:mc500.dev.25	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1684;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: banana,tub,facing,change,farm,cop,purple,helper,bottle,bench,tail,clock,kind,baseball,shoe	Sammy loved playing baseball. He would play every day, even if there was no practice that day! One day, Sammy went to the park with his mom to play catch with his friends, but as he was playing, he tripped over a rock, and his shoe slipped off! His shoe went flying into the air, high up into the sky, and Sammy watched as the shoe fell into old man Mr. Grumpy's yard. \newlineWhat was he going to do? His mom sat on a bench not too far away, reading a book. "Should I tell Mom?" Sammy thought to himself. He thought that maybe he shouldn't, because he might get in trouble. Instead, he was going to climb the fence into Mr. Grumpy's yard!\newline"What, are you crazy?" Sammy's friend Billy said when he told him what he was going to do. Billy didn't seem to like the idea. "Mr. Grumpy is a mean old man, and he'll yell at you for sure. I think you need to tell your mom!" With that, Billy ran off to tell Sammy's mom!\newlineSammy ran after Billy, trying to get him to stop, but Billy told the whole story before Sammy could get there. After Sammy's mom heard the story, she took Sammy by the hand and said, "Come on, Sammy, let's go get your shoe!" Sammy was worried. What was she going to do?\newlineSammy's mom took him straight to mean old Mr. Grumpy's door, and knocked on it. "Oh no!" thought Sammy, "He's going to yell at me!" But the man who opened the door was a nice old man, and he smiled at little Sammy, and let them get his shoe. That's when Sammy learned that it's always better to be honest.	multiple: What was the name of the man next door?	Mr. Jumpy.	Mr. Lumpy.	Mr. Grumpy.	Mr. Wheezy.	multiple: When Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and...	Was going to climb the fence.	Never got his shoe back.	Ran away.	Bought another shoe.	multiple: Billy said Sammy was crazy and...	got the shoe for Sammy.	said that he needed to tell his mom.	stopped being friends with Sammy.	climbed the fence.	one: What flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard?	A Fence	A Bench	Shoe	A Book
temp.txt:mc500.dev.tsv:mc500.dev.32	Author: 1785729709;Work Time(s): 2314;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: pumpkin,apple,bearing,green,mine,pancake,real,fruit,plane,cow,banana,star,put,racer,smile	"I don't think I can win the race" Tim told his parents over breakfast. His mother asked "Why not?" but his father was silent. Tim knew his father didn't believe he could be a racer: only last year, he had sent Tim to a doctor to ask why his son wasn't a better runner. The doctor told him Tim could be anything he wanted to be, and maybe he didn't like to run. \newline\newlineTim, who had always preferred a good book to P.E. class, wanted to show his family that he really could be what they wanted him to be, so he spent his allowance on a pair of green running shoes and signed up for his school's Spring Fun Run. \newline\newlineTim answered, "I'm going to try to win, but Angela is so quick! No one ever beats her at recess." \newline\newline"Well, we'll be there for you, either way" his mother said.\newline\newlineTim took an apple and walked to the bus. Since the race was after school today (school was letting out at 3:00 today, instead of 3:15), he knew he would be too nervous to think about anything else until it began. He didn't even bring his new book with him, an action book starring an orphan named Simon that Tim sometimes pretended to be.\newline\newline3:30 arrived and the race was about to begin. All the other students had brought running shorts, but Tim was going to have to run in his school pants. Suddenly, he saw that his shoes were untied. As he bent down to tie them, one of the older boys kicked the back of his knee, making him fall down right as the race began. By the time he got up and tied his shoes, he saw he would finish in last place, as the other kids were much farther ahead of him. \newline\newlineIt was almost 4:00 before Tim saw the end of the run. By the time Tim reached the finish line, the group of parents waiting on their kids was very small, as some kids had been finished for a long time. Tim's father asked, "What took you so long? I'm surprised to see you here at all! Why did you sign up for this when we all knew you wouldn't win?" \newline\newlineTim thought about why he signed up. It wasn't about winning the race, or making his father proud. It was about finishing, and showing himself that the doctor was right: he could be anything he wanted to be, like his favorite character, Simon.	multiple: Why does Tim start out so far behind?	He trips over his shoelace.	He is knocked down.	He gets sick.	He can't run.	one: What time does the race start?	3:15	Tim doesn't know	4:00	3:30	multiple: Why does Tim run the race?	To make Angela like him.	To win a prize.	Because his father wants him to.	To show that he could be anything he wanted to be.	one: What does Tim bring to school?	An apple	Nothing	A book	Shorts
temp.txt:mc500.dev.txt:Creativity Words: banana,tub,facing,change,farm,cop,purple,helper,bottle,bench,tail,clock,kind,baseball,shoe
temp.txt:mc500.dev.txt:Creativity Words: pumpkin,apple,bearing,green,mine,pancake,real,fruit,plane,cow,banana,star,put,racer,smile
temp.txt:mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.10	Author: 2464657823;Work Time(s): 595;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: long,dad,breakfast,banana,scare,drink,shut,toss,book,bin,white,costume,noise,play,doctor	One day Kyle's Dad had to go for a long ride. He went on this ride because he wanted to get breakfast. With breakfast the dad always loved to get a banana in a drink. This was his favorite drink. But along the ride, Kyle's dad had a scare. The back door was open but someone else shut it and tossed his book. Later he found his book in a white bin. Along with the book, there was a white costume. He thought that maybe this was a sign. So he took the white costume and found out it was a doctor costume. He remembered that his son Kyle's favorite thing to do was play doctor. This made him remember that he never even asked his son Kyle if he wanted to come for the ride. So the dad turned around and drove all the way home to get his son. He asked Kyle if he wanted to come out to breakfast. Kyle got very excited and said he did. Kyle's dad was happy he came back because it helped him make his son happy.	multiple: What was the dad's favorite drink?	a banana drink	a white bin	a white costume	a doctor	multiple: Why did Kyle's dad drive home?	he found a white doctor costume	he wanted to give Kyle a banana	he wanted to play doctor	He was tired of the long ride	one: What did Kyle's dad want to get on the ride?	a white costume	a white bin	Kyle	breakfast	one: What did someone else shut?	a white bin	the back door	Kyle's house	a banana
temp.txt:mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.12	Author: 3805532826;Work Time(s): 447;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: fish,stone,bowl,elbow,kid,party,banana,why,granddaddy,sun,harder,cutie,playground,mommy,spoon	Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl.  The fish wanted to give a kid a party.  But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid.  The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon.  The fish was a cutie.  The fish had an idea.  The fish had a stone in the bowl.  The fish could give the kid the stone!  The fish took the stone from the bowl.  The fish put the stone in a bag.  The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift.  The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie.  The kid gave the fish a banana.  The fish ate the banana and was very happy.  The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.	multiple: Why couldn't the fish give the kid a party?	the fish lived in a bowl	the fish was sick	the fish had no present	the kid didn't like the fish	one: What did the fish give the kid	a stone	a banana	a pill	a mommy	multiple: What did the fish eat and where did he get it?	the fish ate a piece of bread	the fish at a banana from the granddaddy	the fish ate a stone from the mommy	the fish ate a banana from the kid	one: What did the kid say the fish was	a stone	a banana	a mommy	a cutie
temp.txt:mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.129	Author: 3703572249;Work Time(s): 615;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: zoo,ham,summer,bible,tongue,sounding,bubble,turning,people,television,spank,straw,helper,towel,treat	Steve the penguin lived at the zoo. Steve loved to lie on his towel outside during the summer. In the winter Steve would get too cold and would stay in his house. Steve loved the zookeeper's helper Bob. The zookeeper's name was Joe, but he never came in to see Steve. Bob would feed Steve treats all summer long when he was working. In the spring, Tim was the zookeeper's helper and would never feed Steve treats, so Steve didn't like him. Steve loved that Bob would give him was fish more than anything. Steve also liked bananas, oranges and apples, but fish was his favorite. Steve would stick his tongue out at the visitors to the zoo, other times he turn around and show them his back because they were always looking at Steve and he didn't like that. Sometimes he would wave his arm to some visitors if they seemed to be nice. Steve loved the summer; it was his favorite time of the year. He got treats and his favorite helper Bob worked during the summer.	multiple: What was Steve's favorite food?	bananas	Fish	oranges	apples	multiple: Who was Steve's favorite helper?	Bob	Joe	Apple	Tim	one: What was the penguin's name?	Steve	Bob	Joe	Tim	multiple: What was the penguin's favorite time of the year?	summer	spring	winter	treat
temp.txt:mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.131	Author: 1904494757;Work Time(s): 1893;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: smile,out,close,vanilla,twirl,liking,rock,closing,banana,blow,truck,but,mail,oink,forward	Jake liked his old sneakers but they were getting too small.  He tried on sixteen different pairs of shoes at the mall with his mom.  He was looking for green shoes with blue laces.  He couldn't find any he liked and left sad.  His mom wanted to cheer him up.  They stopped for lunch at a restaurant drive-thru.  "What do you want to order?" asked Jake's Mom as she got a cheeseburger and a large drink.  He ordered a hamburger.  While they ate, Jake and his mom talked about different shoes Jake might try on next.  He didn't want to go back to the store, but he really wanted green shoes.  He ate some of her fries as he thought about it.  Suddenly, his mom had a great idea.  They would paint a pair of new shoes green!  Jake loved that idea.  So they went to the Art Store and bought green paint.  They went back to the mall and bought new blue shoelaces and white sneakers.  Jake was so excited about his shoes that he painted them as soon as he got home.  Afterwards, he walked around the house in his new shoes dripping green paint.	one: What color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy?	Green	Blue	White	Yellow	multiple: Why were Jake's shoes dripping?	They were old.	They were wet.	He painted them as soon as he got home.	He bought them that way.	multiple: What did Jake eat for lunch?	A hot dog and some fries.	A cheeseburger and a drink.	Nachos and a drink.	A hamburger and some fries.	one: What color shoes did Jake want?	Green	Yellow	Red	Blue
temp.txt:mc500.test.tsv:mc500.test.147	Author: 2023579431;Work Time(s): 131;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: toast,wing,sand,cutting,father,dresser,help,ball,costume,juice,saying,ceiling,toe,sitting,wait	All of Larry's friends have a favorite animal. Jim's favorite animal is the bear. Tracy's favorite animal is the monkey. Ryan's favorite animal is the rabbit. But Larry's favorite animal is the panda. The only problem is that Larry has never seen a panda. In fact, none of Larry's friends have seen one. One time, Larry and his friends went to the zoo. There were many animals at the zoo, and everyone was very excited to them. There were monkeys, bears, and even rabbits. When they went to see the monkeys, Tracy even handed one of the monkeys a banana and the monkey ate it. But there was no panda. Everyone started to think there was no such thing as a panda.\newline\newlineIf Larry was going to see a panda, he would have find one himself. He packed up his backpack with sandwiches, a chocolate bar, and some water and he went out into the forest. He knew that a panda's favorite food was leaves, so made sure to pack some leaves in his backpack too. He spent two week in the forest looking everywhere for a panda. Finally, when has about to give up, he saw a family of pandas eating and playing. He gave them all the leaves in his backpack. He sat watching them for the rest of the day. He watched pandas bathe and climb trees. Then he went home and went to sleep.	one: What is Larry's favorite animal?	Monkey	Bear	Panda	Rabbit	one: What is a panda's favorite food?	Chocolate bars.	Leaves.	Bananas.	Sandwiches.	multiple: Which of the following did Larry not see the pandas do?	Sleep.	Eat.	Climb trees.	Play.	multiple: Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo?	Ryan's	Larry's	Tracy's	Jim's
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: long,dad,breakfast,banana,scare,drink,shut,toss,book,bin,white,costume,noise,play,doctor
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:One day Kyle's Dad had to go for a long ride. He went on this ride because he wanted to get breakfast. With breakfast the dad always loved to get a banana in a drink. This was his favorite drink. But along the ride, Kyle's dad had a scare. The back door was open but someone else shut it and tossed his book. Later he found his book in a white bin. Along with the book, there was a white costume. He thought that maybe this was a sign. So he took the white costume and found out it was a doctor costume. He remembered that his son Kyle's favorite thing to do was play doctor. This made him remember that he never even asked his son Kyle if he wanted to come for the ride. So the dad turned around and drove all the way home to get his son. He asked Kyle if he wanted to come out to breakfast. Kyle got very excited and said he did. Kyle's dad was happy he came back because it helped him make his son happy.
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: A) a banana drink
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: B) he wanted to give Kyle a banana
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: D) a banana
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: fish,stone,bowl,elbow,kid,party,banana,why,granddaddy,sun,harder,cutie,playground,mommy,spoon
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl.  The fish wanted to give a kid a party.  But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid.  The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon.  The fish was a cutie.  The fish had an idea.  The fish had a stone in the bowl.  The fish could give the kid the stone!  The fish took the stone from the bowl.  The fish put the stone in a bag.  The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift.  The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie.  The kid gave the fish a banana.  The fish ate the banana and was very happy.  The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: B) a banana
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: B) the fish at a banana from the granddaddy
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: D) the fish ate a banana from the kid
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: B) a banana
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:Steve the penguin lived at the zoo. Steve loved to lie on his towel outside during the summer. In the winter Steve would get too cold and would stay in his house. Steve loved the zookeeper's helper Bob. The zookeeper's name was Joe, but he never came in to see Steve. Bob would feed Steve treats all summer long when he was working. In the spring, Tim was the zookeeper's helper and would never feed Steve treats, so Steve didn't like him. Steve loved that Bob would give him was fish more than anything. Steve also liked bananas, oranges and apples, but fish was his favorite. Steve would stick his tongue out at the visitors to the zoo, other times he turn around and show them his back because they were always looking at Steve and he didn't like that. Sometimes he would wave his arm to some visitors if they seemed to be nice. Steve loved the summer; it was his favorite time of the year. He got treats and his favorite helper Bob worked during the summer.
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt: A) bananas
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:Creativity Words: smile,out,close,vanilla,twirl,liking,rock,closing,banana,blow,truck,but,mail,oink,forward
temp.txt:mc500.test.txt:All of Larry's friends have a favorite animal. Jim's favorite animal is the bear. Tracy's favorite animal is the monkey. Ryan's favorite animal is the rabbit. But Larry's favorite animal is the panda. The only problem is that Larry has never seen a panda. In fact, none of Larry's friends have seen one. One time, Larry and his friends went to the zoo. There were many animals at the zoo, and everyone was very excited to them. There were monkeys, bears, and even rabbits. When they went to see the monkeys, Tracy even handed one of the monkeys a banana and the monkey ate it. But there was no panda. Everyone started to think there was no such thing as a panda.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.5	Author: 4279219396;Work Time(s): 2530;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: barn,name,trip,arm,tree,storm,white,word,clown,tape,goldfish,draw,winding,banana,street	Sammy, Kate and Ben were planning a birthday party for their friend Stew. This party was going to be a surprise. They were going to have the party in Stew's house. Sammy's job was making the house look nice. Kate's job was to get a clown to come to the party. Ben's job was to make enough food for all of the guests. Also, each of the three friends got Stew a gift.  Sammy got Stew a few goldfish in a bowl. Kate got Stew a really cool little tree in a pot.  Ben got Stew a new shirt with people from Stew's favorite television show on it. His favorite television show is Crazy Town, by the way. On the day of the party, Sammy was taping signs on the walls, Kate was on the phone with the clown and Ben was cooking in the kitchen. There was a storm outside, so they were worried that all their friends might not show up. There was thunder and lightning, wind and rain. They even lost power for a little bit! But everything turned out okay in the end. All their friends showed up and Stew was very surprised. He loved all of his gifts and he thought the clown was funny. Everyone loved the food Ben made, too.	multiple: What was Ben's job before the party?	Stopping the storm	Getting a clown	Cooking food for the guests	Calling all the guests	multiple: What did the storm do?	Made their friends not show up	Made Stew not surprised about the party	Made them lose power for a little bit	Made Ben cook bad food	one: What did Kate get Stew for his birthday?	A little tree	A few goldfish	A new shirt	A clown	multiple: What was Stew's favorite television show?	Sammy, Kate and Ben	Thunder and Lightning	Crazy Town	Ben and the Clown
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.22	Author: 1789392668;Work Time(s): 993;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: not,trashcan,up,frog,moon,noodle,knob,smoke,unicorn,ceiling,lamb,banana,line,run,beard	Once upon a time, there was a cowgirl named Clementine. Orange was her favorite color. Her favorite food was the strawberry. She really liked her Blackberry phone, which allowed her to call her friends and family when out on the range. One day Clementine thought she needed a new pair of boots, so she went to the mall. Before Clementine went inside the mall, she smoked a cigarette. Then she got a new pair of boots. She couldn't choose between brown and red. Finally she chose red, which the seller really liked. Once she got home, she found that her red boots didn't match her blue cowgirl clothes, so she knew she needed to return them. She traded them for a brown pair. While she was there, she also bought a pretzel from Auntie Anne's.	multiple: What color boots did Clementine buy, and what pair did she end up with?	Orange, Blue	Red, Brown	Blue, Orange	Blue, Red	one: What was the cowgirl's name?	Clementine	Blackberry	Strawberry	Orange	one: What did the cowgirl do before buying new boots?	She ate an orange	She ate a strawberry	She called her friend	She smoked a cigarette	multiple: What did Clementine buy at the mall?	boots and a Blackberry	boots	boots and a strawberry	boots and a pretzel
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.46	Author: 861606205;Work Time(s): 557;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: day,lemon,angel,food,yogurt,towel,sister,library,bowing,naughty,hurry,banana,shut,gum,kitten	Emily and her mother enjoy doing things together often.  Many days they like to go to the park or to the swimming pool but today they chose to go to the grocery store.\newline\newlineThey went into the store and straight to look at the fruit. Emily looked at the lemons, the bananas, the apples and the pears.  In the end, Emily chose the apples and put them in a bag.  She handed the bag to her mother to put into their shopping cart.\newline\newlineThe pair went to the dairy section next and looked at the kinds of yogurt they store had.  There was blueberry, peach, strawberry and vanilla. Emily asked her mother what kind of yogurt they would be getting and her mother said they wanted the blueberry yogurt.\newline\newlineWhen they got to the checkout, Emily helped her mother when they needed to pay.  Emily gave the cashier two dimes and four pennies. \newline\newlineThey gathered up their bags, packed them into their car and drove home.	multiple: What fruit did Emily choose	pears	lemons	apples	bananas	multiple: What kind of yogurt did Emily choose?	strawberry	vanilla	peach	blueberry	one: Where did Emily and her mother chose to go?	the swimming pool	the park	to school	the grocery store	one: How many pennies did Emily give the cashier?	one	four	none	two
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.49	Author: 978662544;Work Time(s): 3374;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: teacher,making,wave,bear,mail,moon,digging,spider,wear,face,bedroom,talk,pear,wag,out	Paul the pear lived in a bowl on the table. He was a plastic fruit, and no one could eat him. He sat in the bowl with Artie the apple and Gertie the grapes. He watched every day as the group of bananas that hung out in another basket got eaten one by one. He wished he could be taken along to work in a bag and brought along to eat. But day after day, he sat in the bowl with only his plastic friends. One day, a little boy walked over towards him and picked Paul up. Paul was very excited. The boy looked at the pear with hungry eyes. He put him up to his mouth and took a big bite. "Ewwww!!!" said the little boy, and he spit out the fake fruit all over the floor. He put Paul back in the bowl and ran away. Paul smiled to himself about his adventure.	multiple: What type of fruits are in the basket?	Cherries and Pears.	Grapes and watermelon.	Bananas and grapefruits.	Pear, Grape and apple.	multiple: What are the pear's friends' names?	Artie & Gertie	Grape	Little boy	Apple	one: What is the pear's name?	Apple	Gertie	Paul	Artie	one: What does the little boy do to the pear?	Throw him on the floor	Cut him open	Put him on the table.	Take a bite of him
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.60	Author: 176980376;Work Time(s): 13065;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: feed,doctor,bib,drier,rattle,red,toilet,frog,moon,banana,bull,wrong,singing,beard,yesterday	There was a young woman who had a baby. She was very young. She had to learn how to feed the baby right. The doctor helped her with this. The doctor helped her with many things. Yesterday, the doctor had helped her try and teach the child to use the toilet. Today, she puts a bib on the baby to try to feed her. She tries to feed it with a frog shaped spoon. She tries to feed her a banana. She tries a rhyme, to get the child to have fun. The rhyme is about the cat that jumped over the moon. The doctor watches with a smile on his face. The doctor has a beard. The baby likes to play with the doctor's beard. The baby also likes to play with her rattle. Her rattle is shaped like a bull. It is a loud rattle. The baby still makes a mess, but she is drier than yesterday. The doctor says it is a good job.	multiple: What does the woman try to feed the baby?	A frog-shaped spoon.	A banana.	A rhyme.	Cookies.	one: What did the doctor help the woman do yesterday?	Sing to the baby.	Feed the baby.	Teach the baby to use the toilet.	Wash the baby.	one: What is the rhyme about?	The doctor.	The baby.	The cat that jumped over the moon.	The young mother.	multiple: What does the doctor have that the baby likes to play with?	A rattle.	Food.	The toilet.	A beard.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.62	Author: 1542108972;Work Time(s): 3107;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: lap,shoe,place,spank,mirror,refrigerator,shower,drawing,bye,naughty,shower,last,pan,bat,toilet	Once upon a time there was a cowgirl named Callie. Callie was the most beautiful cowgirl in all the land. She rode a beautiful horse. Her horse was brown. There are plenty of other horses. There are black horses, white horses, and red horses, but Callie's brown horse was the only horse in the world. Callie lived in a beautiful house with her husband. Her husband's name was Henry. Henry was a very good farmer. He grew tomatoes. His neighbor grew corn, potatoes, and bananas. His neighbor's name was David. David had a son named James who played in Henry's field. One day James fell and Henry almost ran him over with his horse. It was very scary. James was very careful when playing in the field. His dad told him never to play in the field again and he listened. Henry was very sorry for scaring him and sent him a basket of tomatoes.	one: What did Henry grow?	Potatoes	Tomatoes	Bananas	Corn	multiple: What color was Callie's Horse?	Brown	Black	White	Red	one: What was Henry's neighbors name?	James	Callie	David	Henry	multiple: What was Callie's husbands name?	David	Callie	Henry	James
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.64	Author: 580891640;Work Time(s): 999;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: roaring,eat,strawberry,driver,people,lap,thank,ocean,cut,pretty,shape,hair,stripe,butterfly,nana	Andy the lion lived in Africa.  He was a happy lion, and he liked to lay in the sun all day.  One day when Andy got hungry, he thought about strawberries.  He had never had a strawberry before.  "Oh," he thought, "strawberries must be very tasty."  He thought about how red they were, and how sweet they must taste.  "I have to have a strawberry," said Andy.\newline\newlineSo Andy went to talk to his friends, to find out if they had any strawberries.  He walked to a big field where he saw his friend Billy the Bison.  Andy asked Billy if he had any strawberries.  "No, I don't," said Billy, "All I have is a banana."  Andy was sad, because he really wanted a strawberry, but he wouldn't stop there.\newline\newlineAndy walked to the river to find his friend Charlie, the duck.  It was a long way to walk, but Andy really wanted a strawberry.  When he finally got there, he asked, "Do you have any strawberries?"  "No," said Charlie, "I only have is an apple."  This made Andy really sad, but he wouldn't stop there.\newline\newlineAndy knew that he only knew one other friend who might have a strawberry, and that was David the Elephant.  So he walked and walked and walked until he was finally at his friend David's house.  Andy was tired, but wouldn't give up.  Andy asked, "Do you have any strawberries?"  David said, "Yes!  Help yourself."  Andy was excited, and finally tasted his first strawberry.  Andy thought it was tasty.	multiple: How many friends did he ask for strawberries?	1	2	4	3	multiple: Who finally had a strawberry for Andy?	David	Billy	Charlie	Eric	one: What fruit did any really want to eat?	Strawberry	Apple	Watermelon	Banana	one: What did Andy think of the strawberry?	It was fruity.	It was tasty.	It was sweet.	It was gross.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.101	Author: 1566081045;Work Time(s): 1258;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: mitten,red,must,costume,racer,dig,cookie,hide,want,quieter,bell,roaring,lip,cutie,fear	Once there was a guy who lived in a giant red mitten. He was always mad because the old woman in the shoe down the road got all the attention for living in a giant piece of clothing. One day he made a plan to play a joke. \newline\newlineHe took a cookie and with it in his hand went to dig a hole under the old lady's shoe. When he finished digging he hid the cookie in the hole and then went to the zoo. He stole a bunch of monkeys which he took back to the lady's shoe house. The TV news team was talking to her on camera that day outside her house about how great she was for living in a shoe and how smart and cool she was. \newline\newlineThe guy stood there listening with his bag of hungry monkeys. At the very second the news team took a close up of the shoe with their big camera the guy opened the bag and freed the monkeys. He had told them earlier that hidden somewhere in the house was a cookie. He laughed very loud as he imagined them tearing up her house on live TV. But instead of doing that, they stood around looking bored because monkeys like bananas not cookies.	one: Where did the guy live?	In the zoo.	In a shoe.	In a hole in the ground.	In a mitten.	multiple: Why was the guy mad?	He didn't like living in a mitten.	He didn't get to go to the zoo.	He lived in a mitten. No one paid attention to him. Everyone liked the old woman in the shoe better.	He didn't have any cookies.	multiple: What was his plan for a joke?	He dug a hole under the old lady's house. He put a cookie in a hole. He stole some monkeys and told them about the cookie and set them free outside the woman's shoe.	He hid a banana somewhere in the house.	He fed some monkeys cookies and let them go outside the lady's house hoping they would poop everywhere	He dug a hole under the shoe so that it would fall over.	multiple: Why did the joke not work?	He didn't learn about monkeys first. The monkeys wanted bananas not cookies.	The monkeys didn't want to be on TV.	He fell in a hole after slipping on a banana peel.	He went to the zoo and forgot to finish his plan.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.139	Author: 1114075945;Work Time(s): 4078;Qual. score: 95;Creativity Words: ball,help,mouth,ketchup,barn,shape,pretty,yellow,cross,dry,scissor,hand,farmer,smell,banana	Jake and Carol live next door to a banana farm. One day as they were taking a walk, Jake asked Carol if she could smell the sweet bananas. Carol said yes and that she would love it if the farmer would give them some. Jake's mouth watered at the thought of eating the golden yellow bananas. They then began walking to the farmer's barn to ask him if they could have some. When they arrived they saw a sign that said the farmer would be out until tomorrow night. He was also a singer and would be performing at a school two towns over in Orangeville. Instead of waiting for the farmer to return so that they could ask for some bananas, Jake and Carol began walking around the farm to pick their own. \newline\newlineAs he was walking, Jake tripped on a rock. As he tried to stand back up he felt a sharp pain in his leg. He could walk, but it was very painful. Carol let Jake lean on her as they walked home. They knew it was a bad idea to go on the farmer's land without his permission and would never do it again.	one: What was the farmer out doing?	Walking to the store.	Eating bananas at a park.	Picking bananas.	Singing at a school.	one: Where do Carol and Jake live?	Near train tracks.	In Orangeville.	Next to a school.	Next to a banana farm.	multiple: Why did Jake lean on Carol?	It was painful for him to walk.	He had trouble carrying all of the bananas.	To push her to go to the farm.	He felt bad about taking the farmer's bananas.	multiple: What happened to Jake's leg?	It was scraped by a nail in the barn.	He tripped on a rock and hurt it.	He was bit by a dog on his way to school.	He was stung by a bee.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.155	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1672;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: vanilla,think,plate,fall,strawberry,mitten,fun,body,die,purple,plane,baseball,beach,splinter,horse	Ms. Strawberry loved to make vanilla cupcakes! Everyone loved her cupcakes, and she loved making them, too. One morning, she was in the store, buying ingredients for her  cupcakes, when she came across the most delicious looking chocolate frosting she had ever seen in her life! She bought a whole bunch, excited about how delicious her cupcakes would be for her cupcake party tonight!\newlineShe went home and took extra care making her cupcakes that afternoon. She made them extra fluffy, sweet and delicious. She even pulled out her favorite sprinkles for her cupcakes, bright purple ones, which was her favorite color. She couldn't believe how amazing her cupcakes were going to be for the cupcake party!\newlineThat night at the cupcake party, Ms. Strawberry showed everyone her plate of delicious cupcakes! So many of her friends were there for the party. There was Mrs. Apple, Mr. Banana, Ms. Mitten, Mr. Green and even quiet Mr. Lemon showed up. Everyone was very happy about her cupcakes! Everyone except Mr. Lemon. Mr. Lemon took one bite of that cupcake and said, "Eew! This is the worst cupcake in the world!"\newlineMs. Strawberry didn't know what to say! Were they really the worst cupcakes in the world? She had tried so hard! Ms. Strawberry started to cry. "Why don't you like my cupcakes, Mr. Lemon? I worked so hard to make the extra delicious!"\newlineMr. Lemon said, "I don't like vanilla, and I don't like chocolate!" Ms. Strawberry cried even more!\newline"There, there," said Mrs. Apple, and patted Ms. Strawberry on the head.  "It's okay. Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes! You only have to know that you worked hard and that they're still tasty!" With that, Ms. Strawberry stopped crying, and she and Mr. Lemon made up.	one: What does Mr. Lemon not like?	banana and lemon.	green mittens.	vanilla and chocolate.	strawberry and apple.	multiple: Who patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes!"	Mr. Banana.	Mrs. Apple.	Mr. Lemon.	Ms. Mitten.	multiple: What kind of frosting did the cupcakes have?	Banana.	Strawberry.	Chocolate.	Vanilla.	multiple: Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that...	evening.	night.	afternoon.	morning.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.201	Author: 1761097910;Work Time(s): 591;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: line,saying,faster,low,hold,marker,bike,first,sleep,knob,food,zoo,crawl,turn,cracker	One day the Smith family went to the zoo.  Ann Smith rode her bike from place to place.  Joe Smith crawled everywhere he went.  Their parents, Katie and Mike Smith, walked.  After visiting many animals they all met up at the monkey cage.  There was a long line to feed the monkeys.  The line was so long that Joe fell asleep for a bit.  Finally, it was time for the Smith family to feed the monkeys. The daughter, Ann, feed the monkeys a banana.  The son, Joe, fed the monkeys a cracker.  The mother, Katie, fed the monkeys a piece of cheese.  The father, Mike, fed the monkeys an apple.\newline\newlineAfter the monkeys were done eating the zoo worker told them to pick their favorite treat, and give the person who gave it to them a hug.  The monkeys all hugged Joe.  Joe's parents were proud of him for picking the treat he liked best.  As a reward, they gave him a special prize.  Joe got the bike he had always wished for.  At the end of the day he left the zoo a very happy child.	one: What is the name of the father?	Ann	Joe	Katie	Mike	one: What is the name of the daughter?	Joe	Katie	Ann	Mike	multiple: Who gave the monkeys their favorite treat?	Mike	Joe	Ann	Katie	multiple: What special prize did Joe get?	an apple	a bike	a cracker	a baby
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.224	Author: 133375093;Work Time(s): 13726;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: rug,mother,long,yesterday,plane,mitten,hide,present,butt,tummy,afternoon,banana,popcorn,pea,head	The First Day\newline\newlineSeven year old Roberto grabbed his mother's hand as they entered the school. It was his first day at the new school and he was afraid. This school was bigger than the one he went to before, and there were so many kids everywhere. Still, Roberto wondered if he would make any friends here. He was always a little shy, and the few friends he had were now far away in another city.\newline\newline"Here we are," Roberto's mother said as she looked at a classroom door. "Room 118. This is your new classroom, Roberto. Let's go meet your new teacher."\newline\newlineThey entered the classroom and walked over to the teacher, who was writing on the blackboard. "Hello. I'm Mrs. Cruz," Roberto's mother said as she greeted the teacher with a smile.\newline\newlineThe teacher looked up and smiled at Mrs. Cruz and said, "I'm Miss Washington. It's nice to meet you Mrs. Cruz." Then she looked at Roberto and said, "Hello. And who is this nice young man?"\newline\newline"This is my son, Roberto. He started at this school today, and is in your class," Mrs. Cruz said as she smiled had put her hand on her son's head.\newline\newline"Well Roberto, class is about to begin and then you can meet all the nice children here," said Miss Washington. "Say goodbye to your mommy and then we can get started." Roberto gave his mother a big kiss and waved goodbye as she left the classroom. Then the teacher took him to his seat at his new desk.\newline\newlineEverything went well on that first school day. Roberto made twelve new friends. He ate a good lunch had a banana and popcorn for snacks. Later that afternoon when school was finished, Roberto's mother came and took him home. He told her how much fun his new school was and how he wanted to go back tomorrow.	one: Why was Roberto afraid?	Because it was his first day at the new school.	Because he ate a good lunch.	Because he made twelve new friends.	Because he met his new teacher.	multiple: What did Miss Washington say when she first saw Roberto and his mother?	"It's nice to meet you" and "say goodbye to your daddy."	"It's nice to meet you" and "you can meet all the nice teachers here."	"It's nice to meet you" and "who is this nice young man?"	"The children here are bad."	multiple: What did Roberto do on his first school day?	He made new friends, ate a good lunch, and had some snacks.	He went to class in room 218.	He kissed his teacher goodbye.	He saw his friends far away in another city.	one: When Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing?	She was looking at a classroom door.	She was writing on the blackboard.	She was taking her seat at her new desk.	She was eating lunch.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.245	Author: 2968115533;Work Time(s): 1003;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: lunch,stay,squirrel,stinker,corn,moon,take,banana,grandpa,bear,sweet,mine,quieter,coke,racer	The day was dark and stormy; puddles could be seen all over the ground, making the yard look like a tiny pond.  Conner frowned as he let the curtain drop back down. There was no way that mommy was going to let him go out and play today. She would say that it was too muddy and he would get wet. Conner thought to himself, "But what if I don't ask her?"  Smiling, Conner pushed open the sliding door to the back yard.  Slipping on his rain boots, he rushed outside and began to run and jump from puddle to puddle, sending large showers of water up around him with every jump. After he had jumped in all of the puddles he looked back towards the house to find mommy standing in the doorway watching him with a smile on her face. She giggled as she too pulled on her rain boots and joined him in jumping from puddle to puddle.	multiple: What has made the little boy sad	the rain has forced him to stay inside	he wants a puppy	he doesn't want to eat his vegetable	he has to go to bed	multiple: What does mommy do when she sees Conner outside	mommy tells him to come in and takes away his rain boots	Nothing mommy never saw him outside.	smiles and joins him in his play	mommy shuts the sliding door	one: What is the little boys name	outside	Conner	mommy	Rain	one: What does the Conner do when he goes outside	takes off his rain boots	Conner runs away	Conner falls and hurts himself	runs from puddle to puddle splashing in them
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.250	Author: 3805532826;Work Time(s): 710;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: sleep,napkin,bath,vanilla,girl,sleeve,zoo,friendly,winning,zebra,monkey,spill,apple,television,sweet	Once upon a time there were a zebra and a monkey in a zoo.  The zebra and the monkey had many napkins.  What did the zebra and the monkey do with all the napkins?  They didn't know.  They ate the napkins.  The zebra felt good.  The monkey got a stomach ache.  Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?  The napkins were make out of straw.  Straw is good for zebras.  Straw is not good for monkeys.  The monkey did not like eating the napkins.  The zoo worker came and gave the monkey a pill.  The pill made the monkey feel better.  Now the monkey does not eat napkins.  The monkey eats bananas instead of napkins.  Now the monkey is always happy and feels good.  The zebra does not like to eat bananas.  The zebra eats all the napkins and feels good.  The zebra and the monkey are both very happy.	multiple: Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?	the pill was bad for the monkey	the napkin was made from straw which is not good for monkeys.	the monkey was sad	the zebra punched the monkey	one: What does the monkey eat instead of napkins?	zebra steak	bananas	a cheese sandwich	a pill	one: What does the zebra eat?	bananas	pancakes	napkins	a pill	multiple: What made the monkey feel better?	the zoo worker gave the monkey a pill	the zebra gave the monkey another napkin	the zoo worker gave the monkey a banana	the zoo worker told the monkey a joke
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.255	Author: 1761097910;Work Time(s): 1363;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: fruit,tailing,cut,dig,duck,burp,stick,wiggle,sock,quiet,look,pin,monster,sock,teacher	Once upon a time there was a cat named Pizza.  Pizza was black with four white feet and a brown tail.  Pizza had three friends.  They were Dig the dog, Mittens the rooster, and Bub the duck.  When they were in school one day, their teacher told them the story of the super scary sock monster.  She warned them to stay as far away from the sock monster as they could.  Wanting to show how brave they were, Pizza, Dig, Mittens, and Bub went off to take a picture of the sock monster.  Before they left, they each packed one type of fruit.  Pizza packed an apple.  Dig packed a pear.  Mittens packed a banana.  Bub packed a grape.\newline\newlineIt took a long time but they finally found the sock monster.  He lived in a cave.  The cave was under the school.  The sock monster was not looking in their direction when they found him.  As quiet as they could, they walked up to him.  Pizza got the camera ready.  Just as Pizza was about to take the picture, Bub tripped over a stick.  The noise caused the sock monster to look at the brave friends.  The sock monster was angry!  \newline\newline"He looks mad!  What can we do?" wondered Mittens?  \newline\newline"Maybe he likes fruit." said Pizza, "Let's throw him the fruit we packed."\newline\newlinePizza gave the sock monster his apple.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Bub gave the sock monster his grape.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Mittens gave the sock monster her banana.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Dig gave the sock monster her pear.  The sock monster ate it!  \newline\newline"Thanks!" said the sock monster.  "I was really hungry.  Pears are my favorite."\newline\newlineNo longer hungry, the sock monster let Pizza take a picture.  The brave friends returned to their teacher and showed her the picture.  \newline\newline"You are all very brave," said the teacher.  "But you didn't listen to me.  I am keeping the picture.  It is your punishment."\newline\newlineThe brave friends were very sorry.	one: What is the name of the cat?	Dig	Mittens	Pizza	Bub	multiple: Who made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends?	Dig	Bub	Mittens	Pizza	multiple: Which fruit did the sock monster eat?	banana	grape	apple	pear	one: What is the name of the dog?	Dig	Pizza	Mittens	Bub
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.271	Author: 1170562614;Work Time(s): 515;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: banana,ham,helper,yard,sweep,kick,fridge,table,pacifier,wetter,playground,liar,sock,dinner,making	Andrew wanted to make some extra money to buy a toy truck that he really wanted but didn't get for his birthday.  The truck cost thirty dollars and it made four different noises.  The truck also had a ladder that was three feet long.  Andrew had asked for it for his birthday but didn't get it.  He did get a camera from his uncle and a puzzle from his friend.  In order to make the money his mom told him that he needed to do chores around the house.  His mom told him that he could make five dollars by mowing the lawn.  He chose to do this chore and it took him three hours.  She then gave him the money.  He also chose to walk the dog every day for a week which made him one dollar a day.  His grandpa gave him a late birthday present for his birthday.  His grandpa's gift was twelve dollars.  He spent the afternoon counting his money and found that he was still short of his goal.	multiple: What was the second way Andrew made money?	Mowing the lawn	Walking the dog	It was a gift	He didn't make any money	multiple: How much more money does Andrew need to make to buy the truck?	five dollars	seven dollars	six dollars	eight dollars	one: Who gave Andrew the late present?	his friend	his grandpa	his uncle	his mom	one: What does Andrew want to buy?	a dog	a gift	a lawn	a toy truck
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.277	Author: 970491957;Work Time(s): 9160;Qual. score: 100;Creativity Words: diaper,biscuit,toast,think,tiger,white,morning,thumb,friendly,banana,wash,grape,turkey,sugar,wiggle	Tim and Janey woke up earlier than normal. Their stomach were growling. They were ready for breakfast.\newlineThey had gone to bed at their normal time, but they could not help being up now. So they woke up their father and went downstairs for breakfast. It was so early in the morning the sun was not even out yet. But their dad knew once the kids were up, there was no going back to sleep, so he got started.\newlineHe gave them each a banana to start. He let them pick either a biscuit or toast. They chose toast. So he made wheat bread toast and put grape jelly on it. The quickly ate it and the orange juice they were given. They then each had a bowl of Rice Krispies before getting showered and dressed. They kissed their mom as she went to work and began enjoying the day off from school by playing in their rooms.\newlineDad thought he'd done a good job feeding the kids. But in two hours, they both were asking for turkey sandwiches for lunch. With Tim and Janey so hungry so soon, their dad knew he was in for a long day.\newlineAnd a busy one in the kitchen.	one: Who left the house?	Mom	Dad	Tim	Janey	multiple: What did the kids eat for breakfast?	Banana, toast, cereal	Banana, biscuit, cereal	Banana	Biscuit, toast, cereal	multiple: Why did Tim and Janey get up so early?	They had to make breakfast	Their dad woke them up	They went to bed at a later than normal time.	They were hungry	one: Who made breakfast?	Dad	Tim	Janey	Mom
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.289	Author: 1444843715;Work Time(s): 2302;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: alligator,cake,rest,bag,bean,wolf,hide,sit,fear,fly,fall,bath,alligator,knob,last	Max was sitting at home reading his favorite book.  The story was about cakes.  Max thought to himself, "I am going to go to the store and get stuff to make a cake!"   Max headed to the grocery store to get the cake ingredients.  Max was going to make a banana and chocolate cake.  On his way he saw his friend Greg, a small wolf.  Greg was also heading to the store.  Greg was going to make a pie for his mother.  He needed to get strawberries and blueberries.  Max asked Greg if he wanted to walk to the store together.  Greg the wolf said yes, so they walked to the store together.  At the store the other people looked at Max and Greg.  They had never seen an alligator and a wolf who are friends before.  Max and Greg laughed at this.  Max got the chocolate and bananas to make his cake and Greg got the strawberries and blueberries to make his pie.  They left the store.  Max waved good bye to Greg.  "See you later alligator," said Greg.  Max went home and made his cake, it was very good.	multiple: Why did Max want to get bananas and chocolate?	He wanted to get strawberries	H wanted to get blueberries	He wanted to see his friend Max	He wanted to make a cake	one: What type of animal is Max?	Alligator	Blueberries	Fox	Wolf	multiple: What were the items Greg needed at the store?	Bananas	strawberries and blueberries	Chocolate	Ham	one: What kind of animal is Greg?	A wolf	An alligator	Bananas	Dog
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.290	Author: 3996756882;Work Time(s): 12731;Qual. score: 90;Creativity Words: seed,banana,can,glass,wood,cutting,belly,letter,push,fingering,fridge,television,real,fluff,face	One hot summer day in August my family and I wanted to go to the beach.  We had not gone to the beach in a very long time and felt that today was a great day to do it. \newline\newlineWe piled everyone into the car-my mom, my dad, my sister, my dog, and me. I begged mom and dad to let me sit in the front seat, but they said no.  I had to sit next to the smelly dog instead for the whole trip. \newline\newlineWhen we got to the beach and opened the car door our dog raced down to the water to play. I grabbed the large umbrella we brought and walked down to the sand with mom and dad. After we had found a spot, they let me go play in the water. \newline\newlineIt felt really good to cool off in the ocean water on such a hot day. As I swam around I saw many cool things, like fish, seaweed, and shells. I brought the interesting shells that I found to a bucket I had on the beach and threw them in. They would be great to add to my collection at home.\newline\newlineWhen I got tired of swimming, my sister and I wanted to make a sand castle. We built towers using buckets and dug a huge ditch with our shovels. When our castle was complete we were about to take a picture, but then the dog ran it over and smashed it. I was about to yell at the dog, but then mom said it was getting late and we had to go home.\newline\newlineWhen we got home I was wiped out from playing all day, so I went to sleep almost immediately. It was a very good day that I'll always remember.	multiple: Why did the dog almost get yelled at?	The dog was almost yelled at for sitting in the seat for the whole trip.	The dog was about to get yelled at for smashing the sand castle.	The dog was almost yelled at for racing down to the water to play.	The dog was almost yelled at for digging a huge ditch.	one: What did the dog do when the family got to the beach?	The dog carried the large umbrella down to the sand.	The dog dug a huge ditch.	The dog raced down to the water to play.	The dog went to sleep almost immediately.	multiple: What was it that was added to a collection at home?	Shells.	Fish.	Buckets.	Seaweed.	one: When did the main character go to sleep?	The main character went to sleep almost immediately when they got home.	The main character went to sleep when the sand castle was complete.	The main character went to sleep next to the smelly dog for the whole trip.	The main character went to sleep when the dog smashed the sand castle.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.295	Author: 1753658650;Work Time(s): 1269;Qual. score: 85;Creativity Words: forward,sit,toss,sun,hide,tongue,dinosaur,clap,banana,wash,moon,elephant,freezer,end,harder	Larry the dinosaur was going to go to a dinosaur birthday party that night, and he was very excited, because the party was for him! He was turning 7 years old, which in dinosaur years, that means he was going to be an adult! There were so many different things he was going to do! He knew that there was going to be a moon bounce, and that he was going to get a lot of presents from all of his dinosaur friends, but the thing that he was most excited about, was the cake! Larry's favorite food was cake, and he hoped that they got the right flavor. Larry's favorite flavor was banana.\newlineLarry went to school that day and everyone told him happy birthday! When he came home from school, all the lights were out. "Hello?" Larry said, as he came into the house. All of the sudden, the lights went on, and there was everyone! "Happy birthday Larry!" all of his friends shouted. Confetti went everywhere. "Where is the cake?" he asked.\newline"Here it is!" said his mom, and brought out the cake. "It's a chocolate cake, like you wanted!"\newlineLarry froze. "I said that I wanted a banana cake." said Larry. He was very sad. "Now the party is going to be no fun."\newline"Oh Larry." said his mom. "Your friends are here, and we worked very hard to set up this party for you! Please at least go spend some time with your friends."\newlineLarry was sad, but he tried to have fun. And the more he tried to have fun, the more he liked the party. The moon bounce was fun, and the gifts were very nice. He found out that you can still have fun even when things don't go as planned.	multiple: Why did Larry think that the party was going to be no fun?	Because none of his friends came.	Because his mom yelled at him.	Because there was no moon bounce.	Because the cake was chocolate.	one: What is Larry's favorite food?	Chocolate cake.	Chocolate.	Bananas.	Banana cake.	one: When Larry went to school that day...	everyone said "Happy birthday!"	Larry didn't go to school.	everyone ate cake.	nobody said "Happy Birthday!"	multiple: What was Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor?	Banana cake.	Chocolate cake.	Chocolate banana.	Banana chocolate.
temp.txt:mc500.train.tsv:mc500.train.296	Author: 1444843715;Work Time(s): 1844;Qual. score: 80;Creativity Words: strawberry,think,weekend,tummy,watch,push,dinnertime,shut,birthday,toss,sled,television,mouse,paper,ant	James was getting ready for the weekend.  He needed to go to the store.  He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.  James made a list of things to get.  He wrote down strawberries, apples, cupcakes, juice, and bananas.  James was going to make a fruit salad.  James went to the store.  He bought the apples, cupcakes, and bananas that were on the shopping list.  He forgot to buy the juice.   James also bought a toy mouse for a present for his friend.  James was very excited for the party this weekend.  \newline\newlineThe day of the party finally arrived.  James made the fruit salad with the apples, strawberries, and bananas he bought.  He set out the cupcakes and fruit salad on the table.  He placed the toy mouse in shiny paper and set it on the table too.  He checked his watch.  It was almost time for the party.  The birthday guests would be there soon.\newline\newlineOnce the guests came they ate cupcakes and fruit salad.  Everyone liked the food.  James gave his friend the present.  His friend really liked the toy mouse.  James was very happy because his friend had a great birthday.	multiple: What did James set on the table?	He set a cake on the table.	He set a dog on the table.	He set out the cupcakes, fruit salad and toy mouse on the table.	He set a bowl on the table.	one: Did James's friend like his present?	His friend really disliked the toy mouse.	His friend really liked the toy mouse.	His friend did not like the toy mouse.	His friend really liked the toy dog.	one: Why did James need to go to the store?	He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.	To buy party hats	To buy a watch	To buy paper	multiple: What did James buy at the store?	James bought shiny paper.	James bought juice.	James bought birthday candles.	He bought the apples, cupcakes, bananas, and a toy mouse.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: barn,name,trip,arm,tree,storm,white,word,clown,tape,goldfish,draw,winding,banana,street
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: not,trashcan,up,frog,moon,noodle,knob,smoke,unicorn,ceiling,lamb,banana,line,run,beard
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: day,lemon,angel,food,yogurt,towel,sister,library,bowing,naughty,hurry,banana,shut,gum,kitten
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:They went into the store and straight to look at the fruit. Emily looked at the lemons, the bananas, the apples and the pears.  In the end, Emily chose the apples and put them in a bag.  She handed the bag to her mother to put into their shopping cart.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: D) bananas
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Paul the pear lived in a bowl on the table. He was a plastic fruit, and no one could eat him. He sat in the bowl with Artie the apple and Gertie the grapes. He watched every day as the group of bananas that hung out in another basket got eaten one by one. He wished he could be taken along to work in a bag and brought along to eat. But day after day, he sat in the bowl with only his plastic friends. One day, a little boy walked over towards him and picked Paul up. Paul was very excited. The boy looked at the pear with hungry eyes. He put him up to his mouth and took a big bite. "Ewwww!!!" said the little boy, and he spit out the fake fruit all over the floor. He put Paul back in the bowl and ran away. Paul smiled to himself about his adventure.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: feed,doctor,bib,drier,rattle,red,toilet,frog,moon,banana,bull,wrong,singing,beard,yesterday
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:There was a young woman who had a baby. She was very young. She had to learn how to feed the baby right. The doctor helped her with this. The doctor helped her with many things. Yesterday, the doctor had helped her try and teach the child to use the toilet. Today, she puts a bib on the baby to try to feed her. She tries to feed it with a frog shaped spoon. She tries to feed her a banana. She tries a rhyme, to get the child to have fun. The rhyme is about the cat that jumped over the moon. The doctor watches with a smile on his face. The doctor has a beard. The baby likes to play with the doctor's beard. The baby also likes to play with her rattle. Her rattle is shaped like a bull. It is a loud rattle. The baby still makes a mess, but she is drier than yesterday. The doctor says it is a good job.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:*B) A banana.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there was a cowgirl named Callie. Callie was the most beautiful cowgirl in all the land. She rode a beautiful horse. Her horse was brown. There are plenty of other horses. There are black horses, white horses, and red horses, but Callie's brown horse was the only horse in the world. Callie lived in a beautiful house with her husband. Her husband's name was Henry. Henry was a very good farmer. He grew tomatoes. His neighbor grew corn, potatoes, and bananas. His neighbor's name was David. David had a son named James who played in Henry's field. One day James fell and Henry almost ran him over with his horse. It was very scary. James was very careful when playing in the field. His dad told him never to play in the field again and he listened. Henry was very sorry for scaring him and sent him a basket of tomatoes.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:So Andy went to talk to his friends, to find out if they had any strawberries.  He walked to a big field where he saw his friend Billy the Bison.  Andy asked Billy if he had any strawberries.  "No, I don't," said Billy, "All I have is a banana."  Andy was sad, because he really wanted a strawberry, but he wouldn't stop there.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:The guy stood there listening with his bag of hungry monkeys. At the very second the news team took a close up of the shoe with their big camera the guy opened the bag and freed the monkeys. He had told them earlier that hidden somewhere in the house was a cookie. He laughed very loud as he imagined them tearing up her house on live TV. But instead of doing that, they stood around looking bored because monkeys like bananas not cookies.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: B) He hid a banana somewhere in the house.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:*A) He didn't learn about monkeys first. The monkeys wanted bananas not cookies.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: C) He fell in a hole after slipping on a banana peel.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: ball,help,mouth,ketchup,barn,shape,pretty,yellow,cross,dry,scissor,hand,farmer,smell,banana
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Jake and Carol live next door to a banana farm. One day as they were taking a walk, Jake asked Carol if she could smell the sweet bananas. Carol said yes and that she would love it if the farmer would give them some. Jake's mouth watered at the thought of eating the golden yellow bananas. They then began walking to the farmer's barn to ask him if they could have some. When they arrived they saw a sign that said the farmer would be out until tomorrow night. He was also a singer and would be performing at a school two towns over in Orangeville. Instead of waiting for the farmer to return so that they could ask for some bananas, Jake and Carol began walking around the farm to pick their own. 
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: B) Eating bananas at a park.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: C) Picking bananas.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:*D) Next to a banana farm.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: B) He had trouble carrying all of the bananas.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: D) He felt bad about taking the farmer's bananas.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: A) banana and lemon.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:One day the Smith family went to the zoo.  Ann Smith rode her bike from place to place.  Joe Smith crawled everywhere he went.  Their parents, Katie and Mike Smith, walked.  After visiting many animals they all met up at the monkey cage.  There was a long line to feed the monkeys.  The line was so long that Joe fell asleep for a bit.  Finally, it was time for the Smith family to feed the monkeys. The daughter, Ann, feed the monkeys a banana.  The son, Joe, fed the monkeys a cracker.  The mother, Katie, fed the monkeys a piece of cheese.  The father, Mike, fed the monkeys an apple.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: rug,mother,long,yesterday,plane,mitten,hide,present,butt,tummy,afternoon,banana,popcorn,pea,head
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Everything went well on that first school day. Roberto made twelve new friends. He ate a good lunch had a banana and popcorn for snacks. Later that afternoon when school was finished, Roberto's mother came and took him home. He told her how much fun his new school was and how he wanted to go back tomorrow.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: lunch,stay,squirrel,stinker,corn,moon,take,banana,grandpa,bear,sweet,mine,quieter,coke,racer
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there were a zebra and a monkey in a zoo.  The zebra and the monkey had many napkins.  What did the zebra and the monkey do with all the napkins?  They didn't know.  They ate the napkins.  The zebra felt good.  The monkey got a stomach ache.  Why did the monkey get a stomach ache?  The napkins were make out of straw.  Straw is good for zebras.  Straw is not good for monkeys.  The monkey did not like eating the napkins.  The zoo worker came and gave the monkey a pill.  The pill made the monkey feel better.  Now the monkey does not eat napkins.  The monkey eats bananas instead of napkins.  Now the monkey is always happy and feels good.  The zebra does not like to eat bananas.  The zebra eats all the napkins and feels good.  The zebra and the monkey are both very happy.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:*B) bananas
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: A) bananas
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: C) the zoo worker gave the monkey a banana
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Once upon a time there was a cat named Pizza.  Pizza was black with four white feet and a brown tail.  Pizza had three friends.  They were Dig the dog, Mittens the rooster, and Bub the duck.  When they were in school one day, their teacher told them the story of the super scary sock monster.  She warned them to stay as far away from the sock monster as they could.  Wanting to show how brave they were, Pizza, Dig, Mittens, and Bub went off to take a picture of the sock monster.  Before they left, they each packed one type of fruit.  Pizza packed an apple.  Dig packed a pear.  Mittens packed a banana.  Bub packed a grape.
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Pizza gave the sock monster his apple.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Bub gave the sock monster his grape.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Mittens gave the sock monster her banana.  The sock monster didn't eat it.  Dig gave the sock monster her pear.  The sock monster ate it!  
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt: A) banana
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: banana,ham,helper,yard,sweep,kick,fridge,table,pacifier,wetter,playground,liar,sock,dinner,making
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:Creativity Words: diaper,biscuit,toast,think,tiger,white,morning,thumb,friendly,banana,wash,grape,turkey,sugar,wiggle
temp.txt:mc500.train.txt:He gave them each a banana to start. He let them pick either a biscuit or toast. They chose toast. So he made wheat bread toast and put grape jelly on it. The quickly ate it and the orange juice they were given. They then 